[00:04:42] By the end of this video, you'll understand exactly how this thing actually works so that you can start using it right away. So let's not waste any time and just get straight into this one. Alright. So I've split these 18 core concepts into four different parts, and they get cooler as we continue to go on. So part one, we're gonna start off here is foundations.
[00:04:56] So we're gonna kick off with concept number one, which is projects. Now a lot of you guys, I'm assuming, have used ChatGPT or Claude in the web before where you can talk to an LLM and it can, you know, give you an answer. But the problem you face is that every time you're talking to it or you start a new chat, you have to kind of familiarize it with you and your business and what you're working on that week or that quarter. So with projects, you can basically keep everything organized into one project so that as you keep working inside of it, it only gets smarter about knowing who you are. So right here on the left hand side, you can see that I've got a few projects going on.
[00:05:24] I've got Herc two. I've got Hyperframes. I've got Trading Challenge. I've got AIS demo. And I typically am always just working inside of my Herc two project.
[00:05:31] My Herc two project is basically what I call my AI operating system. And what a project is is actually very simple. It is just a collection of folders and files. So right here, this is inside of my file explorer on my computer, and it's called Herc two. And this is exactly the project that I have open in Codex when I say right here, I'm inside of Codex.
[00:05:48] Right? This is the file path that I'm working in, which is if I open this up, my Herc two project. So what that means is this project has rules about me. It has, you know, credentials. It has all my projects.
[00:05:58] It has all my YouTube videos. This thing has so much knowledge about me. So now when I come into the chat and I say, hey. Can you just give me a rundown of what we've been working on this past month? This thing basically gets familiarized with my project, and then it looks at everything that we've been working on together.
[00:06:13] It even looks through all of my previous chats that I've had with Codex. So here you can see that it looked back from the past month, and it said, here's what we've worked on. We've been improving your Herc two and your AIS OS. We've been working on YouTube content and strategy, AI model testing and demos, apps and product experiments, websites branding, business operations. So this is no longer just an AI chatbot.
[00:06:33] This is now a cofounder. This is a personal assistant, which brings us on really nicely into concept number two, which is something called an agents dot m d. And don't let that dot m d intimidate you here. If I go over to the right hand side and I open up my files, you'll notice if I scroll down, I have something right here called an agents dot m d. And when I open this up, it's literally just a markdown file.
[00:06:53] That's what the dot m d means. And it's just rules. Like, this is a very simple thing that you all can read, and it's not technical at all. So this is basically, like, the rules for your project. So you remember inside of my HERC two project, I have this agents on MD.
[00:07:06] Well, if I was inside of my hyperframes editor project, there would be a different agents dot md. So this thing basically just sets the ground rules for the project that you're working in. So right here, you can see that this one says, hey. You are Nate Herc's AI operating system. Your job is to help him spend less time on operations so he can focus on making YouTube videos.
[00:07:20] And then I give it things like core operating rules for how to work with me. I give it some stuff about how to be safe on my desktop. And then the real bulk of my agents.m d is what I call routing. So this is a routing map. It basically means okay.
[00:07:31] So, yeah, Nate's project is huge. There are hundreds, probably thousands of files and folders inside of this project. So let me just explain to you how this actually works. If you need business stuff, you go to the Wiki. If you need corporate structure, you go to the corporate structure section inside the Wiki.
[00:07:45] If you need his voice, you go here. If you need course knowledge, you go here. If you want active products, you go here. So everything that I'm doing, we're routing it back somewhere so that my agents dot MD file tells this project where everything is so that every time I open up a new chat, like I said, I don't have to reexplain things. And, basically, the way that this works, if we picture this being a chat thread, you know, you come over here and you say, hey.
[00:08:05] You say, hey, Codex. I need you to help me do this. And before Codex actually even, like, reads this message, what it does is it first reads the agents dot m d. So I'm just gonna put a here, that stands for agents .md. But Codex will basically read this, and then it will read your message, and then it will respond with something like, you know, hey.
[00:08:22] How can I help you today? So the kind of stuff that you wanna put inside your agents.md is the type of stuff that you want Codex to know about you every single time you're talking to it in that project. And now moving on to concept number three, we have something called the agent loop. So you'll hear about something like codex or Claude code or Hermes agent. These are all called agent harnesses, and these harnesses have their own agent loops.
[00:08:45] And real quick, if you're wondering about codex versus, like, work, chatty bitty work, I always use codex. The majority of my work is not building products or building software, but I only use codex because it's just the most powerful. And once you get through this video, you'll realize how easy it is to use. But, anyways, the reason why this is called a harness is because they have this thing called the agentic loop, which at the highest level basically just means when you ask the agent a question, it has a bunch of tools at its disposal, and it basically thinks and it reasons and it uses tools and then it responds to you. And then it thinks and then it reasons and it takes action and uses tools, responds to you.
[00:09:17] And that's basically the agent loop. And what's really awesome about that is you can see it in action. So right here, you can see that this said it works for twenty five seconds. And if I open this up, we can basically see what it did. Right?
[00:09:27] So, like, it hid this response and it gave us our output, but it had a reasoning loop inside. It first said, okay. I'll check our recent tasks and project notes, then I'll pull together the main themes from the past month. And when it did that, it ran all these commands. It ran this, which you don't have to know what this means, but, basically, what this did is it looked inside something right here called a memory.md.
[00:09:45] So very similar to the agents.md, but this is about memories rather than just like rules. It then looked at other chats, and so we can basically watch it do things. So to show you guys a real example of this, hey. Could you just check my most recent YouTube video that I uploaded and give
[00:10:00] Me three comments that you thought were funny from that video. Now as I shoot this off, what I want you guys to pay attention to is what we're watching. So first, it said thinking. Now it says I'll find your latest upload, read through the comments, and pick three that made me laugh. And now we can see what it's doing.
[00:10:14] So it's looking through the memory. It's looking at these things. It's running these commands. And these commands are basically right here. It's reading, you know, files to get established and to get oriented with what it needs to do.
[00:10:25] And so you can actually learn a lot about how Codex works and how to best work with it by when you ask it a question, you just kinda watch what it does. So you can see what it had to do was it had to run a command in order to actually go talk to YouTube, look at the data, and pull it back. Now we can see three comments. We have this one, never seen anyone so excited to lose money. Trading with AI is very easy.
[00:10:46] I just prompt Claude only take profitable trades. And if I wanna lose money, I can do it myself faster and better. And what you'll notice is how quick that all happened. Now I do have my Astra on fast mode, but I will talk about that later because that is a core concept that's coming up. By the way, guys, I've got this completely free SOP for you about getting your first AI automation clients.
[00:11:03] It's gonna go over the exact steps that has been proven for hundreds of our AIS plus members to get their first paid gigs. It goes over the one sentence service pitch that can get you started today, why your first client should cost you money, the five minute video that answers can this person actually deliver before you've actually received any money, what to do when you have zero case studies. There's so many good things in here that are gonna help you out. Even if you already do have clients, I would recommend grabbing this because, like I said, it's yours completely free. So if you wanna grab this, there's a link for it down in the description.
[00:11:30] Let's get back to the video. Alright. And moving on to the last concept of part one, it's a slash goal. And this is honestly one of my favorite things about AI ever. It's the ability to do something called a slash goal.
[00:11:43] And right here, can see that that says, set a goal to keep pursuing. Now AI agents are super goal oriented, which is super cool. So let's say you have mister AI agent right here, and you basically say, hey. Here is your goal. You know, this is what you need to do, and you give it this objective goal.
[00:11:57] What happens is it will basically just keep working and keep working and keep working until it actually hits that goal. And it's cool because even if you kind of, like, give them a roadblock, they are going to be so goal oriented that they're going to keep retrying different things, and they're going to just basically keep going until they're able to succeed and hit that goal for you. Now, obviously, the more objective a goal, the easier it is to prove that. So if you say, hey. Can you, you know, work on this until you've pulled in 257 sources and then write the report?
[00:12:26] That's an objective goal. Right? 257 sources and written report. But you can also set goals that are a little bit more emotional. Like, your goal could maybe be more like, you know, until you're fully satisfied or until you've, you know, verified this over and over and you feel good about it.
[00:12:40] And in that case, you're still going to, you know, get there, and it will still decide when it's done. But as you get more objective with your goal, the goal prompts are just more effective. But let me show you one goal that I actually did that you guys have already been witnessing in this specific example is I went to my hyperframes project, and hyperframes basically lets your coding agents build HTML and then render it as video. So, essentially, it creates video. But what I did here is I shot it off a slash goal prompt.
[00:13:05] You can see this one says sent as goal. So, basically, what I did is I said, I need you to help me create some motion graphics for a YouTube video. So all the motion graphics you've seen so far were from this exact prompt right here. I'm going over 18 different codex concepts. I want, you know, an intro.
[00:13:18] I want transition cards. I want all this. So I basically defined that I wanted one intro scene and that I wanted 18 cards. And then you can see that it said I finished and I visually checked, meaning it actually took screenshots to make sure everything looked good before it decided to be done, and now we have all of these animations. But what's cool about the goal prompts is that models nowadays are getting so good.
[00:13:36] The AI models are getting so good that it's actually better to give them a goal and then step out of their way. If you really just try to, like, micromanage them, you're kind of just, like, muzzling their capabilities. So if the situation isn't super, super risky, give them a goal, and you can get out of the way. Now there's one quick thing that I felt the need to address, which is basically the question, but, Nate, what if we've been using Cloud Code for a long time? Well, I'm really glad that you asked.
[00:13:58] It's actually really simple. Really, the main difference is the agents dot m d, the dot codex, and the dot agents. Because in Cloud Code, you basically have, like, your Cloud dot m d and you have your dot Cloud. So when I first started switching over from Claude code to Codex, all I did was I said, hey, Codex. Take a look at this HERC two project.
[00:14:14] I've been building this up using Claude code for the past couple months. I need you to help me get this Codex ready. And, basically, what that means, I made a copy of my Claude dot m d and called it agents dot m d. So I have two of those now. One one agents dot m d, one Claude, but they're basically the same file.
[00:14:27] And then I made a copy of all my Claude skills and put them in the dot agents folder, and I made a copy of all of my, like, Claude settings files, and I put them in my dot agents. And the cool thing is you don't have to do any of that manually. You'd literally just say, hey, Codex. Look at the documentation, analyze my project, and make this Codex accessible. Make it Codex ready.
[00:14:44] So anyways, if you were feeling a little bit of doubt about all that kind of stuff, that's the way I did it. And now you have a bunch of local files and folders that you can use on any agent harness whenever. It's very flexible. It's very tool agnostic, and that's what you wanna be building at the end of the day. So, anyways, had to adjust that real quick.
[00:14:59] Let's get back to the video. Alright. Awesome. So let's move on to part two of these core concepts, which is environments. So the first piece of environments is number five, which is local versus cloud.
[00:15:09] So there's a couple of things to talk about here. The first thing is if someone says, oh, is this running locally, or are these local files? All that means is does that exist only on the machine that you're currently using? Whether you're on a MacBook right now or you're on a desktop PC like I am right now, when you say local, it just means it's only accessible by you. So right here, if I open up my files, these are basically local files.
[00:15:29] Now they're syncing with OneDrive when I want them to, so that would kind of push them into the cloud. But, otherwise, it's completely local. So, like, if you're working on a Word doc on your computer and you forgot to save it and then email it to yourself on so you could work on it on a different laptop, that was a problem because it was locally on that other machine. But something like Google Drive is always in the cloud, obviously. But this also goes beyond just files.
[00:15:49] This goes to, like, things that are produced. So right here, you can see that it actually created me this little site for all these motion graphics. So if I open up this site, you can see that I can view all of these videos. I can click into the different ones, and it threw this together for me really nice, And it served this to me on a local host. So right here, can see that this URL is one two seven point o point o point one, and the port of this local host is eight zero zero eight.
[00:16:13] Now realistically, that's not super important. You don't really need to understand what exactly this means, but this is just a local host. But this is a little confusing because it looks like this is a web address that if I, you know, emailed to you, you could open this up and have the site. But what would happen is this would show on your screen or it would show on your computer as nothing actually lives here. So, like, if I copied this and I pasted this into a new browser, but I changed the number to seven, I don't think I have anything running on port eight zero eight seven on my local machine even though you might.
[00:16:42] So nothing actually loads up. It's quite funny. I remember seeing these these tweets where I think it was a joke, but it was like, someone was pretending they're a beginner, and they were like, wow. Cloud code and codex. It's so cool.
[00:16:52] Look what I built in one day. And then they, you know, attached a bunch of local host addresses. And, obviously, no one else could open that up because they're not on that local device. So, anyways, that is the difference between local and cloud. Now the other piece here is that when you're spinning up these new chats, you can kind of have these be either local, meaning right here, you know, I'm working in my local files and folders.
[00:17:11] And that's great because codecs can actually, like, edit these files. Right? It can delete things. It can make new ones. It can edit them.
[00:17:17] It can move them around. It can go to my downloads. It can go to my desktop. It can do anything on my computer, really. Or you could actually have these work in the cloud.
[00:17:24] And what you'll notice here is when you choose cloud, you no longer have the ability down here to actually choose the model you were using and the permissions because this sets up sort of like a cloud sandbox environment. Now I'll be honest, I hardly ever do this because when I'm working locally, as long as I keep my machine on, as long as I keep my PC on, it feels pretty cloud like. And here's what I mean by that. Right here, you can see that I'm mirroring my phone, and I'm in the ChatGPT app. And if I go over here and I click on this right here which says remote, this lets me see all of my actual codex chats that are right here.
[00:17:56] So if I go to Herc two and I go to summarize past month, this is exactly what we were just looking at right here. You can see this is literally the same conversation. It has those three chats, and I could come in here and I could say hi. And this gets sent in my actual codex right here on my laptop or, sorry, on my desktop as well as my phone. So as long as my machine's on, even though this is running locally, and I'm out on a walk, I'm out at dinner, I could even be in a different state, and I could control my desktop from my phone right here.
[00:18:22] So let's say for some reason I left a file locally on my computer, I could just say, hey. Can you email that file to me? And then I could use it on my laptop. So, anyways, just wanted to show off that remote capability. And that's gonna bring us into concept number six, which is WorkTrees.
[00:18:36] Now, honestly, this is something where if you're not really building software or, you know, production apps, this isn't going to matter to you too much. Like, I don't hardly ever use WorkTrees, but it is good to know about since you will see these in the interface. So right here, you can see that if I was to go to, the local setting, it says that you can work in a new local work tree, which says create a copy of Herc two to work in parallel. So, basically, because I'm working in Herc two, if I was gonna do something like risky or if I wanted to try and experiment with something, or for example, if I was building software and I wanted to try to change the way that the onboarding flow worked, but I wanted to, like, not interrupt the main branch, especially if other people on my team are working on that main branch, I could use a work tree to basically create a copy, and I could test in there. And then what you can do later is you can merge it back into the main.
[00:19:20] So it's basically just a duplicate that lets you test. But like I said, there's hardly any times for knowledge work that I ever use work trees. And if I ever am building software and stuff, a lot of times Codex will say, hey. By the way, you might wanna use this. You might wanna do this in a new work tree.
[00:19:32] So I wanted to call it out because it's important because you might see things like this master branch and you might see other work trees that might have been spun up automatically. But I will say it's not something that I'm actively thinking about or think that you need to be actively thinking about in order to get the most out of Codex. So wanted to bring that up, but let's move on to number seven, which is dot codex. Now this is really interesting. We talked about how when you're inside of your project, you have things like an agents.md.
[00:19:55] Now if I go to my files, there's also something in here called a dot codex. So if I open this
[00:20:00] Up. What you'll see in here is I have some agents and I have some workflows, but I also have a config dot TOML file, which is basically like some local settings. And there are basically going to be two different places where a dot codex file lives, that's either gonna be inside of your project. So, like, in this example, this is my dot codex inside of my Herc two, but there's also gonna be one which is user or global, which means this lives under your actual user. And these are settings that hold things like memories and sessions and automations.
[00:20:29] These are things that will apply to your global codecs. So whenever you're in codecs, regardless of what your project you're actually in, the dot codecs will have personal settings and app data and stuff like that. Now once again, I think this is something it's important to understand where that lives and what it does, but this isn't a folder that I'm actively thinking about and actively having to, like, maintain. But I did wanna call that out because sometimes if you need to have a certain setting applied or something like that, that is where it lives. Now the cool thing about this is if you're ever confused, you say, hey, codex.
[00:20:58] What did you do there? Or do we need to add this to my dot codex? Or do we need to move this to a different folder? You can just ask it questions because it can search through its own documentation and understand how to do things, like, correctly. But I do think that understanding the difference between project scope things and user scope things, that's definitely important, especially as we get into the dot agents, which is gonna come up later.
[00:21:16] And that is a great segue into part three of the core concepts, which is control and customization. So number eight here is about different AI models. So when you are starting a new chat, you can choose the model you wanna use. You can also change the model in between messages. So I could shoot off a message on Astra, and then I could, you know, change this to something else.
[00:21:36] And then I could shoot off another message, and I can keep changing if I want. Now if you're watching this video way later, maybe the model names look different, but essentially, the theory is the same. You have different models to choose from, and they all have different prices and strengths. So, like, right now, g b d six Astra is just the absolute strongest, but it's gonna cost the most. It's gonna eat the most of your weekly limit.
[00:21:54] Right here, you can see that I'm at a 100% because it just got reset. But as you chat with Astra, it will drain your weekly usage faster than, you know, 5.6 Sol would, which would drain your usage limit faster than 5.6 would. Now right here, just want you to look at the API pricing so I can explain to you how these models are actually billing you. So they bill by tokens, and they usually bill by 1,000,000 tokens. Meaning on Astra, for every 1,000,000 input tokens, it will cost you $10.
[00:22:20] And for every 1,000,000 output tokens, it will cost you $50. And here you can see the different pricing for these different models, and you can see how it gets cheaper as you go down. Now this is API pricing, which means if you were building an automation that was programmatically using these models, that's how much it would cost you. But this usage inside of Codex, that's not programmatic. This is usage limit or subscription limit.
[00:22:41] So when you pay 20 or 100 or $200 a month for Codex, this is what you're actually your usage limit is eating up is that subscription, and you're getting way more inference. Like, this is a $200 a month subscription. And if I use all of my weekly usage every single week, I'm getting about $14,000 worth of inference every month, and I'm only paying $200 for that. So the subscriptions are much cheaper than if you were using the API pricing. But if you ever do go over your weekly limit, you'd have to buy extra codex credits.
[00:23:08] I don't exactly know why they price it like this, but, you know, you can see they just give you codex credits instead. So let's say I went over my weekly limit. I could go here, and I could click on buy credits. This would bring up this screen which lets you buy credits by, like, the thousands or something like that, and that is what I wanted to show you guys. So, like, 2,500 credits, 5,000 credits, 25,000 credits, and this is how it would charge you based on those tokens.
[00:23:31] Now if you've never heard of tokens before, know that might be a little confusing. Think about it as roughly four characters or roughly three fourths of a word. And there's an OpenAI tokenizer right here where if I paste in some text, it will show you how many tokens this would be. So this paragraph, for example, was about 240 characters or sorry, 274 characters and about 56 tokens. And it's interesting because sometimes punctuation is a token.
[00:23:52] Right? Like this period is a token. This comma is a token. This word's a token. This word's a token.
[00:23:58] And this is basically just kinda breaking down what it might look like for these tokens. But, anyways, you can see this was 56. And what else you might notice is that I earlier said input tokens or output tokens. Input tokens are whatever you're feeding in. So your prompts or if it's reading like a PDF or a Word doc, those are input because they're going into the model.
[00:24:15] And output tokens are anything that it outputs. So even its reasoning here is output tokens. This entire thread is output tokens, and that's why the output tokens are more expensive. Okay. So let's move on to number nine, which is about effort.
[00:24:27] So within each model, not only do you choose the model, but you can also choose the effort level. So right here, I can move Astral down to medium, or I can move it down to low, or I can move it up to extra high. Or if I go, like, ultra, I have to allow full access because that can get, you know, pretty autonomous. But, anyways, the point being, as you move up on these effort levels, you get more quality. Like, you get more intelligence, but you also get more cost.
[00:24:52] It's more expensive to run it at higher effort levels. And that's why when you see these benchmarks when there are new models released, you'll see the model, like, example, Claude Fable five. You can see this mark was on low, and this one was on medium, and this one was on high. So it shows how one model can behave differently and also cost a different amount based on the effort level that it was being used and tested at. Now it actually is pretty nice to play with these because sometimes Astra high is just so much more powerful than what you need to do.
[00:25:18] Like, if you were using g p d six Astra high to help you write an email, that's overkill, and you're paying way more than you should. Realistically, to write an email, I could probably come down here and use five six Terra and be just fine with that, and it's a lot cheaper. So definitely try to play with the model and play with the effort based on your task. But a lot of times, if you're just doing a lot of knowledge work, I would just chuck it on Soul, and I'd maybe just go to medium and just call it a day there. Now the other thing about effort is you can do something called fast mode.
[00:25:41] This obviously makes the model respond quicker and do things quicker. And it it's 1.5 speed, but it costs you more usage, so it will eat your weekly subscription faster as well. Alright. And moving on to number 10, we have permissions. Basically, right down here, you can see that this is orange and it says full access.
[00:25:55] This is basically Codex's YOLO mode, which means that it's not going to stop and ask you a bunch of permissions and questions. Can I do this? Can I do this? If you go and ask for approval, it's going to always ask to edit external files and always ask to use the Internet. So that's if you wanna sit here and really sort of, like, manage it and you're wanting to make sure everything's safe, you know, maybe start off like this.
[00:26:14] So you can just understand, oh, okay. It's asking me if it can run this command, or it's asking me if it can open up my browser. And then you just get familiar with what it looks like for codecs to actually run that agentic loop. You could also go on approve for me. So it's only gonna ask you if actions are detected as unsafe, like maybe deletes or maybe certain sorts of, like, API calls or things like that.
[00:26:31] So that's how these permissions work. And if you really wanna get granular about, oh, I wanna, like, make sure these certain actions never happen, you can ask Codex about that, and it can work things into those config files like we talked about earlier with the dot Codex that it can certainly, like, block things out. But now let's move on to number 11, which I think is my favorite one, which is skills. Skills are so, so important. They're basically reusable workflows.
[00:26:52] They're recipes that let you do something once and then teach Codex how to do it the same way every single time. So now you can just run all these skills. So like I said, a skill is basically just a recipe. So let's say you come in here and you make, you know, a chocolate chip pancake and you followed a recipe to make that pancake, you would basically say, okay. If I ever wanna make chocolate chip pancakes again, I'm gonna use this recipe because I know that I'm gonna get a good result.
[00:27:14] But let's say that you burnt these pancakes and you said, okay. Well, what I need to do is make a quick update in this recipe to say, hey. You know, cook it up thirty seconds less on each side. And the next time you run the skill, you basically see, okay. Are these better?
[00:27:26] Are these good? Do I need to make any more feedback in here? Or now is this skill just the way I like it? And then your agents are able to use these skills. So here's an example where I basically gave it a YouTube video.
[00:27:35] So you can see that this is literally just a local file path of a YouTube video. And I said that I needed a video description, time stamps, and a LinkedIn post. It went ahead and it ran into Gentic loop, and it gave me a description, time stamps, and a LinkedIn post. And then I said, okay. Now I need you to turn this into an x article and put the draft into my x as a draft.
[00:27:51] And it knew exactly how to do this with a thumbnail, with a title. It also put screenshots from my actual video, and it sprinkled them throughout my whole x article. And this is because it used a bunch of skills to be able to know how to do this. So right here, if I ask it, what skills did you use? It used my YouTube description skill, my timestamp skill, my LinkedIn post skill, my x article skill, my x article from video skill, my format x article skill.
[00:28:12] It used all of these skills because I've taught it how to do something good once. And then every time I run these skills, I just give feedback. Hey. That was good. You know, I liked this, but I didn't like this.
[00:28:20] Update the skill. And now what's cool is you can just invoke these either with natural language. It will be smart enough to do it with natural language, or you can do it as a slash command. So I have one in here that I can call, like, the audit, and you can see this will run my audit. Or I have one in here called the three d brain, and this runs the three d brain.
[00:28:35] Man, I think I planned this out so good. This is gonna bring us on to number 12, which is dot agents. So we talked about dot codex, and dot agents is basically the exact same. It just holds different things. So right here, can see that the dot agents holds your skills.
[00:28:49] And these, once again, can either be project level skills or they can be user scope skills. So they can be global skills. So if I come into this chat right here, which is inside of my, you know, HERC two project, and I go to open up the files and I go to my dot agents folder, which is right here, we have a folder called skills. And this is a bunch of skills as you can see. Now if I open up an actual skill so for example, let me go to my YouTube description skill.
[00:29:14] This is an actual skill dot m d. So once again, m d just means markdown file. So we have here is some metadata, and this is what Codex will read to understand, okay. Do I need to invoke the skill or not? So it has the name, and it has basically when to use the skill.
[00:29:26] And then all the skill is is just instructions. It's, hey. For Nate's YouTube descriptions, keep them short, two to four sentences, paragraph form, no bullet points, no em dashes. Here's the process. You read the video outline.
[00:29:37] You identify the core topic. You write a short paragraph, and that's the skill. It's a very, very simple prompt. If But I go to my x article one, they can also be way more in-depth. So this one is way longer.
[00:29:46] There's a lot of other rules and a lot of other criteria. There's way more steps. There's way more things to do. And, also, what's cool is skills can reference other things. Skills can reference other skills.
[00:29:55] They can reference other agents. They can reference Python files or context files.
[00:30:00] So in this example, this skill references my voice guidelines, like my LinkedIn style guide as well as my x article style guide. But that is where your skills live inside of the dot agents folder. And then moving on to number 13 here, we have plugins. And this is where a lot of the magic actually happens because you can super easily come over here in the Codex desktop app. You can go to plugins, and you can connect a bunch of things.
[00:30:20] You can see all the stuff that I have installed like Alpaca, Gmail, ClickUp, Clay, Google Drive, GitHub, Canva, and the list goes on and on. You can also search for different plugins. So let's say you were really interested in connecting something like... I don't know. Let's see.
[00:30:33] Do they have a LinkedIn plugin? They have a LinkedIn plugin where we can find the right profession. We can grow our business with ads. We have all these other sorts of plugins too. So if you want to try to connect to your different apps, just come in here and see if you can connect them using these plug ins.
[00:30:45] Maybe they have Composeo. They don't have Composeo. And if they don't have a plug in here, you can still connect it using a dot ENV, using an API key, but plug ins are so much easier because you can just basically sign in once. They've got ones for creativity, for developer tools, for business and operations, for data analytics, communication, and they're basically always growing this plug in library. Alright.
[00:31:04] So that now brings us on to part four, which is tools and scale. Okay. We've got five left here. Number 14, we have the browser. Now this is definitely one of my favorite things about codecs.
[00:31:15] If I open up the tab over here, we can open up a browser, which is really cool because I can basically just control this. So, like, I could go to school.com. And what you'll notice is when I log in to school.com over here, I'm just gonna zoom out a little bit, you can see right here that I'm already logged into my school account so I could manage my different communities, which also means that Codex can help me manage my communities from here. Because when you save these logins inside of the Codex browser, then saves them. So if you say, hey.
[00:31:38] Could you go to that account and pull the report for me? Or, hey. Could you go into school and could you make this post for me? It can do it through the browser if there's not a plug in or if there's not, like, an API or MCP server. And the browser use of Codex and specifically with g p t six Astra is the best that I've ever used ever.
[00:31:55] I'll play a clip right here where I asked it to basically open up Canva and Paint Me and Draw Me using the tools in there. And I gave it just a picture of me, and it was able to replicate it in a way that I thought was really, really good. So silly example, but it definitely demonstrates the vision and the browser use capability of this agent. Alright. So number 15, we have sites.
[00:32:13] So if you go over here to explore and you click on sites, this is very, very cool because it basically lets you put things out there onto the cloud. Remember earlier we talked about local versus cloud? Codex can build something for you, and it can be a local host, but then you say, hey. Can you just put that on a site real quick so that you could have your team log in or so that you could share it with, you know, other people and make it publicly accessible? Like, right here, you can see this London and Paris one is everyone...
[00:32:35] Whoever has this URL could go ahead and open this up. Whereas this one is just me. So it would literally have to be logged into my account in order to be able to open up this site. And what else is amazing about that is you can open up the analytics for the site. So you can basically host things.
[00:32:49] You can connect your own domain, and this is basically gonna replace something like a Vercel or like a, I don't know, a a Squarespace, wherever you wanted to host your sites normally. You can now just do it right here from the Codex desktop app, which is pretty cool. You can also even connect a database. So on the back end, if you had to store, like, user login data or, you know, permissions or settings or, you know, a database of customer records, whatever it is, you could actually store that here too. And it's really cool.
[00:33:12] All you need to do to actually use a site is you just basically have to do either say, hey. Can you turn that into a site? Or you could do slash site, and then it will basically know that you can, you know, host a site or build a site. So great touch here from Codex. Alright.
[00:33:24] So number 16, we have sub agents. So sub agents are really cool because it lets you delegate workout to a bunch of different Codex agents. So right here in this main chat, you can see that I'm talking to g p t six Astra, which is a really, really smart and intelligent, but also expensive model. So let's say I wanted to do a bunch of research, but I didn't wanna waste Astra's brain on that. Or let's say I wanted to do, like, a bunch of different testing and just do a lot of stuff at once.
[00:33:47] Astra here that I'm talking to can delegate work out to tons of sub agents. Hey. I need you to search through x and search through YouTube and also dig through my own comments to just find, you know, what are people talking about right now in the AI space. Is there any big news or drama? I don't want you to do this research, though.
[00:34:02] Want you to basically just delegate a bunch of sub agents out to do the work, and I want all of these sub agents to be using five point six tera as the model. So shoot off those agents and let me know what they find. So this is really cool because I can specify that I want those sub agents, those little, like, researchers and workers to use different models. So right here, it's using its agentic loop, and it's gonna spin up these agents. And whenever you see these little colorful things, these are different agents that it spun up.
[00:34:27] So right here, this one's called x. And when I open up x, It is actually this subagent working right here. I can watch this subagent go through its agentic loop, and I can watch it, like, pull in data and everything like that. So this is the same thing as over here, but this one is just a different model, and it's not the main session that you're currently talking to. You can see we have two others that started working.
[00:34:46] We have this one called YouTube pulse, and once again, it's going through the same exact agentic loop. We have this one called x drama. We have this one called audience comments, and we can basically watch all of these work, but we don't have to manage them. Because once these agents are done, the main session here will say, okay. Cool.
[00:35:01] All five are done. They reported back to me. Here's what they found. And this is really good for gathering different perspectives or researching out a bunch of things in parallel. And these intelligent models are really, really good at delegation.
[00:35:12] So subagents are definitely something that you need to be using. So while these sub agents are fanned out and they're working, let's move on to number 17, which is scheduled tasks. Scheduled tasks are awesome because this basically lets you have your codex working autonomously for you. So on the left hand side, if you click on scheduled, you can basically ask codex to schedule things for you, reminders, updates, or run full sessions. Because all the scheduled task basically is is it injects a prompt into a codex session like this.
[00:35:39] So it uses your same local files. It uses your same skills. It uses your model. It uses everything the agentic loop. It just does it automatically for you.
[00:35:47] So in here, I... You see that I could create one, and I could set it up manually. I could have it run locally, or I have... Could have it run on the cloud. I could also choose what project to work in.
[00:35:55] So Herc two or, you know, HyperFrames editor. I can also choose what chat. So every one of these routines could be a new chat, or it could be a new chat for this task, or it could be even in an existing thread that we already have going. And then you can basically choose when to schedule it. So it could be daily.
[00:36:10] It could be hourly. It could be, you know, weekly, or you could get it really, really custom in here. And the cool thing is you can describe everything in here manually, or you could basically just ask Codex to make one for you. So for example, I have these, like, seven or eight different ones that are running for trading. They're literally trading $10,000 of my real money.
[00:36:29] And I have this set up as scheduled tasks so that they can basically all work together, talk to each other, check the market, make trades, things like that. And, of course, you guessed it, these run-in a different project right here called trading challenge, and they all run inside of this challenge thread. And you can tell that this has scheduled tasks in it because there's a little clock icon next to that thread. And moving on to the very last concept we have for today, number 18, this is voice mode. Now everything that you've learned so far, skills, sub agents, projects, agents, all of this can be controlled by using your voice to have a real conversation with codex.
[00:37:01] With your voice, you can manage different codex threads. You can delegate different agents. You can run skills. You can set up scheduled tasks. You can build sites.
[00:37:08] You can do anything here with your voice. And all you have to do is come down to the bottom left and click on start new voice chat. So forgive me here as I'm awkwardly, like, hunching down because my headphones don't reach far enough, but watch this. Hey, Codex. So I need you to help me out real quick.
[00:37:21] Inside of my Herc two project, can you start a new thread to make a thumbnail? I'm making this YouTube video about 18 Codex concepts. So if you could make me a thumbnail for my YouTube channel where you see me sitting at a desk working on a laptop, and I'm pointing to the right, and there's, like, 18 different little AI agents. Yeah. Just start start with that.
[00:37:40] And then once you have finished that thumbnail, could you send it to the thread that is currently working inside of my HER two as well? And it is doing research on YouTube and x and, looking at my channel and stuff like that. Could you just send that thumbnail to that thread? Alright. Let me check on that.
[00:37:55] Okay. I've got your thumbnail brief queued up with you with the laptop pointing toward the 18 h's using your existing photos for reference. And that found your research thread, so I'll send the finished thumbnail there. And do you guys see how this is all coming together? It started a work tree chat.
[00:38:10] It was doing the agentic loop. It also created a goal down here. It literally created its own goal because it knew that we had this, you know, task for it and started working. And, you know, the voice chat's still going, so I don't know what it's gonna think of this. But I just wanted to call that out because all of what we just talked about is all coming together.
[00:38:26] Because even you can see over here, it started making that actual prompts. Like, it shot off this prompts right here, and it started off this new thread. And now this is working in a work tree, and it's gonna create that thumbnail for us, and then it's gonna send it over into this actual chat, and we'll see that actually happen. But as you keep navigating, like, can go to the web, and you can go to, you know, other things, and you can keep this voice working. So as you're just working on your laptop, it'll show you what's going on, and you can keep talking to it.
[00:38:53] And you can also do all this on your phone as well because of the whole remote thing. You can use voice mode when you're on your phone too. Okay. So that finished up, and you can see what happens is it actually can send tasks or messages to each other. Right?
[00:39:05] So what happened was this was the original thread that it created to make the image, and it made this. And then it sent it to this thread and said, hey. Nate wanted me to send this to you. Here it is. So with just your voice, I know that was a very simple example, but you're able to coordinate a bunch of different codex threads, manage them, multitask while you're on the go, while you're flipping between different apps.
[00:39:24] Very cool. Alright. So now that you guys have learned the core concepts of codex, we're gonna start to actually get in there and play around with some of the stuff. So what I want you guys to do here is think about the way that we're actually going to start using codex. Don't think of it as a tool that helps you build like AI workflows.