[03:25:00] So Codex also has this really cool feature inside the desktop app called voice mode, which basically just means that you can actually just talk to it, and it will talk right back to you. So it's super, super cool. Let's hop into this next section about how to use Codex's voice mode. Hey there, Astra. I've got a few tasks today.
[03:25:14] The first one that I want you to help me do, I want you to delegate off to a Codex thread where we take a video that I made on YouTube a few days ago or actually, no. It's just yesterday. So I want you to turn that into an x article for me and put it in my x account. Got it. Let's line that up.
[03:25:27] So that x article is ready. Let me open this up, and we'll take a look. We can see that we have all of this formatted. We have that five by two thumbnail that we wanted that matches our YouTube one. And now we can see that these screenshots are coming through.
[03:25:38] So the prompt, it analyzed the entire video, screenshotted it, put this in here, or even cropped it if you guys noticed. This isn't the full screen. But it's matching these up because it understands what am I seeing in this image and where do I put it in the text based on the actual article that was written. Let's also try something else. So inside of my school community, AI automation society plus, we just did a little bit of a revamp to the actual course.
[03:25:59] So if you could sort of just, like, look in there, get familiarized with that course structure, and just help me build a really simple, you know, AIS branded landing page. Yep. I'll start on that. Alright. I just got word that the AIS plus curriculum page is done, and it's looking pretty impressive.
[03:26:13] Let's open it up full screen. Holy. This is actually the courses. So I just built this entire personal OS with just my voice using g b d six Astra voice mode. Now at a glance, it might not seem too impressive, but it had to figure out how to connect my entire Herc brain.
[03:26:27] It had to go pull all the data from these sources. It had to connect my real calendar, and this is actually functional. Meaning, here's my actual calendar. And if I came here and I wanted to add an event right here, we'll just call this test, save event, this is actually going to reflect on my real calendar over here. Now there are still a few things that I'm looking to connect, but I can communicate with my team through Slack, ClickUp, and email right from this interface.
[03:26:46] So I can open up this conversation, and I could reply to it right here, and I can also kick off new threads via email or ClickUp from here as well. And I also have community polls from YouTube, from my school communities, what they're stuck on, and I also have industry polls from x, YouTube, things like that. The reason voice mode is so powerful is because it just uses codex on the back end, which means it can look through your AI operating system, and it can do everything that codex can do. You can control it with your voice and multitask, kick off different threads. You can do it from your phone so you can literally be on a walk and doing everything you need to be doing.
[03:27:15] And the browser's capabilities from g b d six Astra are the best I've ever seen. Right here on screen, you can just see a silly example where I gave it two pictures and I had it paint me in Canva. And this did take quite a while, but if you think about all of the little strokes and everything that needs to do both on the vision side and the browser view side, it's actually pretty impressive. Now on top of all of the capabilities, you also needed to have the right context and connections to actually be useful. So when I tell you guys that I've been talking to Astra in voice mode and it's just been feeling like it actually knows everything about me and my business, it's on another level.
[03:27:42] So we just had an event in July called AIS Live. And right here, there's over a 150 gigabytes of footage to look through. So I gave Codex this link, and I basically just said, hey. We need, like, a sixty second sizzle reel from this event, like a recap. And in only two prompts, this is what I get back, which is really impressive.
[03:27:58] Logged off yesterday just pausing. I had goosebumps. I was so excited, and I had so much fun. Cost doesn't justify price. Price justifies cost.
[03:28:29] What is the value of what you know and what you know how to do? This culture that we have here at AIS is is just really special. If you think about the actual story that it told and how much data it looked through and what it was able to create, that was really, really impressive, like I said. So, anyways, let me stop yapping to you guys and start yapping to g b d six Astra and show you guys what it can do. So all you're gonna do is down here, can see there's a little button called start new voice chat.
[03:29:10] You're gonna click on that. And now it's time to put my headphones in. Hey there, Astra. I've got a few tasks today. The first one that I want you to help me do, I want you to delegate off to a codex thread where we take a video that I made on YouTube a few days ago or actually, no, it was just yesterday.
[03:29:22] It was called, like, Astra made this. It made the whole video. So I want you to turn that into an x article for me, and put it in my x account. Got it. Let's line that up.
[03:29:33] And while you're working on that, can we have a separate thread actually start making the thumbnail for that? Sure. Adding that as well. Now I do wanna make sure that you're using all my right skills and my right context. So make sure you're working inside of my HERC two project for all of these little tasks that we're gonna kick off today.
[03:29:52] Got it. I'll make sure that's the context going forward. The original article task has been told to stop and hand off any verified findings.
[03:30:00] And the thumbnail task has just been told the same. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Because I see that you kicked off two regular chats, and these wouldn't have had the same context.
[03:30:08] So it's important that I told you to work inside my HERC two project. And now you should be kicking off the right ones up there, and it looks like you are. Yep. Doing that now. And the article task now has the thumbnail task's details so they can coordinate the source, the angle, and the finished cover.
[03:30:26] Both replacements are running inside HERC two. Awesome. Now for the actual thumbnail I want for this x article, I actually already made one that I really like. The one that I put on my actual YouTube channel, it was like an image of, it was like me with my feet up on the desk, and the OpenAI logo was editing the video. So all I really actually need you to do there is if you could just turn that into a five by two version so it fits into the x article.
[03:30:58] Sure. I'll update the thumbnail work with that. Awesome. So I know that probably will take a little bit of time, so just let me know when those are done. Let's also try something else.
[03:31:07] So inside of my school community, AI automation society plus, we just did a little bit of a revamp to the actual course. So if you could sort of just, like, look in there, get familiarized with that course structure. I'm talking about the AI automation society plus group. Inside of that one, if you could just analyze the structure real quick and understand sort of, like, the transformation from a new joiner to the end state once they've taken all the courses and just help me build a really simple, you know, AIS branded landing page that that I could basically send people to if they're like, hey. You know, what is AIS Plus?
[03:31:39] I could send them there, and they could get a rundown of what that curriculum looks like. And I want you to also design that in a way where you use my scroll craft skill to have layers and to have it be, you know, dynamic and visual, but don't make it too overwhelming. So if you could start designing that website as well based on that knowledge. Yep. I'll start on that.
[03:31:59] And I'll keep the design dynamic, but not overwhelming. Awesome. So now I see that I'm talking to you in one thread. But then I can also see when I look at the all the threads that you're kicking off, I can see how you're clearly multitasking. And then by the way, I see the thumbnail that you made.
[03:32:13] That looks great. That's exactly what I was looking for. Will my other thread that is making the actual article, it knows that that's there? Oh, yeah. It looks like you sent that exact message where I said that looks great.
[03:32:23] That's exactly what I was looking for. So you are able to actually coordinate these different codecs threads to talk to each other. That's right. The article task has the approved cover and your go ahead. Awesome.
[03:32:34] Well, while I wait for me to be able to verify that that all worked, could you let let's make another improvement to the Upbit OS. Let's see if we could add I guess, let's add another section for meetings. I know we already can see all of my meetings in the actual HercBrain visual, but let's add another tab on the left that just shows the meeting. So you pull that in from Fireflies, and it's just kind of like a nice visual of the date that the meeting was and just like a one sentence summary of what was discussed or if there's any important action items from there. Just so I can visually see all the meetings that I had, and maybe if there are any important meetings coming up as well.
[03:33:11] Okay. I'll take that on. Cool. So while you're cooking on that, I'm gonna go ahead and actually pause this voice chat. I'll pick it back up with you in a bit when you have some updates for me.
[03:33:20] But I want to kick off some voice threads on my mobile device and see how that all all works as well. So I'll be back in a bit. Okay. So, anyways, just wanted to show you guys what was actually going on here. So it made this thumbnail, which was actually based on if I go to my thumbnails, this one.
[03:33:35] So this is the one that I wanted to use because this is the one that did best on YouTube, and I just needed it to make that a five by two. And what you guys will notice is I didn't tell it to find this exact thumbnail. It looked through my YouTube probably to see which one was the live one. It looked through the local files to actually build that. Same thing over here.
[03:33:51] What happened was I don't know what it delegated around, but all I said was I need a an x article for this. And so what it did is it had to pull in the actual video. It's transcribing it. And now what it's doing is it's making the x post, but it also took 11 screenshots. And so it's gonna place those screenshots in the x article at the right spot.
[03:34:06] So we'll get to do that in a sec, but I just wanted to call out what's actually going on on the back end there because it's very impressive. But now I need you guys to look at this. So you can also do this on your phone. So imagine you're on a walk or you're in your car driving and you need to kick off some tasks or delegate some work to your team or whatever it might be, because it has all the connections in here, you're gonna go to remote. You're going to scroll down, and this is where you'll oh, wait.
[03:34:29] Right here. This button. Right here. This is where you'll start a new voice chat. And now it's gonna be the same thing.
[03:34:38] Hey. So I need you to help me kick off a thread inside of, my HERC two project. What I want you to do is I just need a nice rundown of the best use cases that you've seen, the best viral demos that you've seen of Astra six, you know, GPT Astra six on x. Sure. So the point I'm trying to make here is that I can keep scrolling on my phone even when it's doing things on the back end.
[03:35:02] As you can see, it's still keeping this conversation. Got it. I'll keep going here. Yep. That's exactly it.
[03:35:08] I kicked off the Astro Research thread, and we can keep talking here meanwhile. Awesome. So while we're while we're waiting on all this, could you just take a look at my you know, the look at the YouTube space. Look at some of my past videos and look at what else is going on in the space and give me a quick analysis of maybe some trends and maybe some things to start preparing for. I'll scan the current landscape now.
[03:35:29] Big trends heading toward 2027 are more AI assisted production and personalization, deeper community play with memberships and owned audiences, short and long form blending into one funnel, and creators rewarded for building recognizable shows and perspectives, not just one off uploads. So point I was trying to make there was just that you can do this on your phone as well, and it's a super clean, crisp syncing between your desktop and your phone. So we've got the UpAtOS working on adding a Fireflies task or a Fireflies meeting section so I can see that stuff. We've got the x article being finalized, and we'll pull that up. So that x article is ready.
[03:36:05] Let me open this up, we'll take a look. We can see that we have all of this formatted. We have that five by two thumbnail that we wanted that matches our YouTube one. We have all of this formatted in a good way, and now we can see that these screenshots are coming through. So the prompt, it analyzed the entire video, screenshotted it, put this in here, or even cropped it if you guys noticed.
[03:36:22] This isn't the full screen. We keep going down. This is the full screen. This is a full screen. Full screen.
[03:36:27] But it's matching these up because it understands what am I seeing in this image and where do I put it in the text based on the actual article that was written. And there is nothing sensitive in this video, but what it will actually do too is if I have, like, an API key in there or if I have, like, a personal email, it actually will, like, blur it out. So it does that automatically. And now that it's just worked into the skill. This is now an article that I would just be able to read through.
[03:36:49] All of these screenshots are taken. They're cropped if they needed to be. They're blurred out if they needed to be. And then I can just go ahead and publish it because it did all of that with just my voice. We can also see that this one that I kicked off from my phone is done.
[03:37:00] It searched through x, and it found multiple posts, one from Ben Davis, one from Ethan, one from Thomas. You can see that it gives us the actual link to all of these threads. So if I wanna click on, you know, this three d graphics build, I get taken straight to that actual post. 1,300,000 views. I did see this one.
[03:37:14] This one was pretty impressive. We can see that now we have this little rundown. And if we would've stayed on the voice chat, it would've, you know, told us about all this. It looks like the UpAtOS one is also done. Let's see what happened over here.
[03:37:25] Meetings is live. So let me open this up, and we'll see. Actually, I'm gonna open this up full screen. We now have a section called meetings. You can see on the calendar, I've got one tomorrow.
[03:37:33] I've got one on Monday, and we can actually pull up the actual calendar details. So if I open this one up, does this take us straight to the calendar? Yep. Takes us straight to the actual calendar, and we see the event details there. And now we can also see past meetings.
[03:37:44] So this all hands, we can see the team reviewed learning, community growth, product updates, operational improvements, AI tools, and a shared mission centered on customer happiness. We have an action highlight. Nate Herc shared bookmark links to the most used Google Drive folders. Yep. Yep.
[03:37:56] Yep. And we can see other action items here, and we can also open up this recording, which takes us straight to Fireflies. So that quickly, we were able to develop a new section into our actual, OS here, which is a combination of Fireflies and Google Calendar. And I don't even know if it uses any AI in the background because Fireflies already processes these AI action items. Maybe it hit, you know, the GPT endpoint or the Anthropic endpoint to actually put this stuff in here, but really impressive.
[03:38:22] Alright. And I just got word that the AIS plus curriculum page is done, and it's looking pretty impressive. Let's open it up full screen, build the skills, shape what's next, and we've got holy. This is actually the courses. I wonder if it okay.
[03:38:35] It takes you down to here. There's, a curriculum section. Now I think this looks really good. It pulled a picture of me. You also will realize that the background.
[03:38:43] Right? The background, you can see these layers. The mountains are in different spots. They move in different, you know, paces. But what I love about this that it did is if I actually go to our AI automation society website, it kept a very similar vibe.
[03:38:55] Right? Like, the blue feeling, the backgrounds, of the mountains and stuff, even on the certification tab, it kept the consistency. Now, honestly, I think these mountains are a little bit cooler and there's, like, fog, but it kept everything on brand because it was able to crawl through my workspace, look up what it needed to look up to make sure that it actually understood what I was asking for. And that's what I think is so cool about Astra is when you give it a task, it feels like it just will contextualize and ask you questions and crawl through things first because it wants to make it more specific to you. And that's what is just really, really cool.
[03:39:25] I mean, this is this is the actual curriculum. If I go to AIS plus and go to classroom, that's exactly what happens. You know, these are the actual courses. And then over here, wrong one, these are the actual courses that we have in there. So it was able to look through all of that and build out the actual curriculum.
[03:39:40] I think this is really, really slick. Alright. So voice mode is one of the big differentiators between Cloud Code and Codex, but there are a lot of other things. And I will be honest, in this space, you are jumping back and forth a lot. Like, I use both of them every day.