[03:39:52] And sometimes, you know, Codex will come out with a big new release, and then the next week, Cloud Code will come out with a new big release. Or maybe there's a new tool like Hermes agent.
[03:40:00] Or GrockBot or whatever, you know, is going on in the AI world because it moves very fast. And the first thing I wanna say is that you should not be worried because this whole course, we've been talking a lot about building your own AIOS. And when you're building your own AIOS, you guys know that it's just a bunch of folders and files, and those live on your machine. So whether you are using Codex or Cloud Code or Hermes agent or whatever the next tool is, you just say, hey, mister and missus AI agent, look at my iOS. Get familiarized with it.
[03:40:28] And now you can in a matter of five seconds, all your skills transfer over, all your instruction files transfer over. You don't have to be worried about being, like, vendor locked. Everything that you're building, not only your local files and folders, but also your brain, your knowledge on how to work with AI and how to talk to it and the mindset around it, that is all your IP. And it's very tool agnostic. It's very model agnostic.
[03:40:47] So you can be flexible. Don't worry about it. But I do wanna show you guys this next video, which is about me running a bunch of different use cases on these two coding agents and just showing you the difference, what that might look like sometimes with cost and speed and just, quality. So hope you guys enjoy this next section, which is kind of just like an experiment where I show off the differences between these tools in these different use cases. I just put GPT six Astra head to head against Fable 5.1 across 15 different use cases that actually apply to my day to day.
[03:41:15] I'm talking things like web design, personal organization, taxes, browser use, vision, and building actual automations and software. For every single one of these use cases, I break down which model did better, how long it took, and what it cost. So if you've been wondering what model to use for which use case, then this is a video for you. I don't wanna waste any time. Let's just get straight into it Alright.
[03:41:34] So these are the 15 different use cases that we have. And like I said, I chose these because these are things that I actually see myself doing with these models. So there are time stamps down below if you wanna jump around. And at the very end, I'm gonna show the final sort of, like, takeaways and final cost and time breakdown. And by the way, guys, I've eaten through, like, three Codex subscriptions, four Cloud subscriptions, and thousands of dollars in usage credits.
[03:41:52] So I really hope that this one's helpful. Alright. So for number one, I'm not gonna read off every single prompts, but here's basically what I asked. I wanted a McKinsey level presentation on the state of SMB report for my Hercules consulting brand. So I needed this to be branded, and I needed it to apply to our target audience with this fake consulting business.
[03:42:08] So that was Claude. You can see that I gave Codex the exact same prompt. Now immediately, what I've noticed is that Codex asks more questions or GPT six Astra specifically asks more questions. You can see right here, it already asked me questions. Whereas Fable just took this and pretty much just ran, and that is something I noticed overall.
[03:42:23] So I just wanted to call that out to start. So let's take a look at these two decks. Here is deck number one. I won't tell you which model it was yet, but right away, I love the way it feels. It is, you know, capitalized.
[03:42:32] It has the branding. This feels pretty professional so far. Now I already did check both of these for the sources and the verification, and they are good from, like, the fact perspective. Right? The research they both did was good.
[03:42:43] Now I'm looking more so at the way they actually formatted this deliverable. I think we're at a place now where g p t six Astra and Fable 5.1, they're both so so intelligent. You don't have to worry as much about fanning out agents and doing research. It's more to me now about how do they come back and present this in a way that tells a story and in something that I can actually, like, present over. Right?
[03:43:01] Because that's what we want is we wanna turn that messy data into something that's readable and something that's high quality. And right now, what I'm feeling is that this is very, very branded. It matches our color scheme. We have a footer down here, which I love. It's consistent.
[03:43:12] We have, like, structure. There's columns. Like, it did a good job creating this. The thing that I think right now though is it's very, very wordy. As far as being able to present over something like this, it would be tough because there's so many words, and it's tough to control, like, where people's eyes will be looking and what they'll be speaking about.
[03:43:28] So as far as a presentation deck, not the best. But as far as, like, a deliverable you might turn in, you might send to someone and not present, this is very good, there's a lot of sources down here. This came out to 35 slides. Now let's look at the other version, which right away, I don't like how this isn't capitalized. I don't know.
[03:43:42] I just feel like that feels very professional. We have some images here, and we have the color scheme as well. But let's flick through. We immediately noticed that this one is not as wordy. I immediately feel like this one's less professional though because of the structure.
[03:43:53] The other one had, like I don't know. You could tell in each slide there was, like, columns. There was a little bit of, a I don't know. There was a structure to it, whereas this one feels a little bit more abstract. It feels like one big element.
[03:44:03] You've got one big, you know, title thing, and I think that this one would be a much better deliverable if I was going to present in, you know, in a room full of people. But overall, as we flick through, this one just feels less professional. The vibe I get is less Mackenzie, and it's more Google Slides or, like, Canva. I don't know. There's also not, like, a consistent footer or our logo isn't on every slide.
[03:44:23] So, you know, this sort of slide, it just doesn't feel very structured and as professional. Even the sources section is way smaller, although that does link the actual sources. So, anyways, this one was g p d six Astra, and this one was Fable 5.1. And I will say in this specific example, I liked Fable better. So what I'm gonna do here is I'm going to give Fable the win.
[03:44:43] So I'm just gonna put this down here so we know Fable won this experiment as far as just the output. But let's look at the time and cost. Fable is thirty seven minutes, and Astra was twenty three minutes. And Fable was $26, and Astra was $12. So Astra was a little less than half the cost as well as, you know, fourteen minutes faster.
[03:45:02] So the question would be, if you used Astra and spent another, you know, $14 using Astra to improve v one, would you get somewhere that you feel better about than this first version of Fable? So, anyways, right now, we'll look at the time and cost at the very end. But as far as the deliverable, I liked Fable's output better here. Alright. Moving on to experiment number two.
[03:45:22] We did a sales letter. So, basically, I said, based on what you know about our certification program, I didn't give it information. I told it to, you know, use my AIOS, use my second brain, use any research to put together a sales landing page. So writing the copy that's optimized to convert. So think about our avatar, think about their pain, think about all this, and I don't want it to sound AI generated.
[03:45:41] So I'm not gonna read the entire sales letters. That would be super boring. Just gonna do a quick skim through and talk about which one I actually thought was better and why. So here was the one that Fable 5.1 wrote out. You can see it is pretty long.
[03:45:55] This one was longer. It was about 2,800 words. And if we go over to GBT's version, if I come down here, it just output it right in the chat to me. This was the one that Astra wrote up, and this one was more like 1,700 words. So it was definitely shorter.
[03:46:09] Now quick disclaimer here. I am not an expert copywriter. I would want, you know, like John or someone on my team who is really good at writing copy to tell me which one they thought is better. I will say so far what I've been hearing from my team is that they are liking the GBT models lately better for writing, whereas in the past, Claude always dominated when it came to writing. But I will say, if I was a prospective, you know, certification student and I was reading these, I honestly here would have picked Fable.
[03:46:34] And the reason is because this is not a cheap program, and Fable had things like questions people ask. Will this get me hired? Does everyone who joins get certified? Am I technical enough? I already run an agency.
[03:46:43] What if I miss live classes? The way it formatted this makes me feel a little bit more confident or makes me feel more aware of what I'm getting myself into. It also had a section about tuition. It also had a section about who's teaching, who it's for, who it's not for, how this actual program works. Whereas the sales letter over here with Asha just felt a little bit more I don't know.
[03:46:59] It just felt a little bit more high level. And I think with the sales letter, it's supposed to be detailed enough to answer all the questions and pain that someone's thinking about when they're considering paying for a program. So I will say in this specific example, I do think that I liked Fable five point one's copy more. So here is actually what this looked like. Fable was about four minutes.
[03:47:16] Astra was about three minutes. Fable wrote okay. I was wrong about Astra. It wasn't 1,700. It was actually more like, 1,300, so about half of the words that Fable wrote.
[03:47:24] But Astra came in at a dollar 43, whereas Fable came in at almost $4. So here, I will have to say again that I think that Fable won this challenge as far as just, like, a one shot prompt and the initial output. Alright. So moving on to use case number three. Now, unfortunately, guys, I'm gonna have pretty much everything blurred out here because this is about my taxes.
[03:47:44] Right? And this is one of those things where you want something that is very smart to be able to do this and in a way that you trust. So I'm just gonna go through high level the way I feel when I look at these outputs. This first one was Fable 5.1. And before I get into it, I do wanna say, in this example, GBT Astra asked me, like, seven questions before it started whereas Fable didn't.
[03:48:03] So that alone makes me feel more confident in Astra's output. But let's look through here. We go through basically from January of this year to June of this year. So q one and q two of this year. It pulls all of the numbers.
[03:48:14] It looks at federal and state. It looks at things that I need to read. It goes to the input, and it shows me all of these different things as far as the parameters, the notes, the values, the sources. And Fable gave me, like, a decision logic. It said, hey.
[03:48:25] If you fit into this bucket, do this. If you fit into this bucket, do this. Whereas Asher just asked me those questions and then gave me that recommendation. Anyways, we have a, p and l. We have some projections.
[03:48:35] So for the rest of the year, what I might be estimating to pay. We have tax calculations here for the individual return and all of the entities that are passed through. We've got payments. We've got things that are flagged, then we have the actual sources that pulled from. So it's not bad.
[03:48:47] It's a really good deliverable, like, light years ahead of what used to happen. But now we have the one from Astra. We have the actual information as far as start here. This is what it did. We have monthly results.
[03:48:57] We have the tax forecast. We have okay. That looks very good. We have all these payments. We have inputs and open items.
[03:49:04] So these are other things that I might need to answer, but this is just way more tailored. It's easier to read as well. We have the source checks. We have the transaction ledger, and this one is basically every single transaction here. So this oh my gosh.
[03:49:15] This is probably thousands and thousands of rows. This is 3,739 rows of transactions here, and then we've got all the sources that it pulled from. Okay. Cool. So overall, this one, I think that Astra won, like, no question.
[03:49:27] It was more tailored. It asked questions. I think with taxes alone, it gave me that that feeling of confidence and the structure of the deliverable was just better to me. Now Astra did cost more here, and it took longer to run. So forty minutes compared to twenty two minutes and $22 compared to $13.
[03:49:42] So even though it's more expensive, we're kind of putting that aside right now. As far as the deliverable, I liked Astra here more. So right now, we're sitting at Astra one fable two. Alright. So this next one's interesting.
[03:49:53] I asked it to go through two of my email accounts and just look through, you know, potentially years of emails to help me find information about
[03:50:00] Subscriptions that I'm paying for, how much total I paid them, you know, if prices have increased and things that I need to cancel, things like that. So let me pull up the two outputs. Alright. So here is output number one from Fable 5.1. Now as we get into the next tabs on the sheet...
[03:50:13] I'm sorry, guys, but I am gonna have to blur some of this stuff out. It's it's financial information. So, anyways, we have the rundown right here of the audits. We have the different emails it looked at. We have the different types of services, memberships, programs, retainers, contractors, insurance, all this type of stuff.
[03:50:27] It's looking at the top 10. It's looking at our different categories, and it's showing us how to read this sheet. So we have all of our active subscriptions. It's showing me what email they're associated with. It's telling me which day of the month I'm getting billed on.
[03:50:39] It's showing the current price. It's showing the monthly equivalent. It's showing me all of the stats across all of the different payments that we've been making on some sort of recurring basis. It's flagging things, it's ranking them as far as priority. We can see, the different actual flagged notes.
[03:50:51] So some of these that might be unpaid. This one's getting a price jump. This one's having a seat creep. This one's having... I have two subscriptions at once, so maybe we need to figure out why do I have two different subscriptions on both emails there.
[03:51:00] So the point being it's able to look through so much information and give you all of these things that are high priority, and you can flag them. You can check them off. You can, you know, delegate that out to the... Your team. We have all charges, which actually this sheet came back completely empty.
[03:51:13] I'm not sure why, but this sheet is completely empty. And then we have contractors and big payments. So these are things... It looks like anything above, either a few thousand dollars or if it was a contractor that was like a onetime invoice, then it flagged it here as well. And now let's go over to the Astra six version.
[03:51:28] You can see that they consistently just format Google Sheets a little bit different. Like, you can kinda tell Astra likes to make the cells larger and and wider and taller, whereas Fable usually keeps them the same and, you know, they they still do a good job formatting. But either way, same sort of thing at the audit upfront. We have the current recurring baseline of subscriptions. We have the annualized baseline, tool payments, tool invoices without confirmation, Claude usage, other bills, price changes.
[03:51:53] It's flagging everything right here. Priority review right here. You know, there's a discount ending. There is contract tier or contact tier. There is a price increase.
[03:52:00] There's a term change. There's seats and tool overlap. So it's flagging all that right away. We then have all the subscriptions. So this shows me a list of every single one.
[03:52:07] It gives me the price. It gives me the, last known bill. Now this isn't showing me what date. Oh, there it is. Yeah.
[03:52:14] It's showing me every single day of the month that we have the next one. We have other bills as well. So these are kind of the bigger, like, bigger contracts, contractors or or bigger bills. We have payments. So this is also, like, every single one.
[03:52:26] And I think this is what Fable was trying to do on this tab with all charges, but for some reason, it just didn't come through. So we have this here. And then we have also other notes as far as different topics and different things to sort of be aware of. So this is kind of like what it was flagging. So overall here, I will say that Astra gave me a better output.
[03:52:42] It just, you know, Fable messed up one sheet completely. And Astra was cheaper here. So $12... $12.5 compared to about $50, which is insane. $50 for that output from Fable.
[03:52:53] Crazy. It did take seventeen minutes whereas Astro took thirty minutes. But, anyways, right now, we are sitting at two to two Astron Fable. Alright. Moving on to number five, we have meeting analysis.
[03:53:03] So I asked it to look through all of my leadership meetings and my syncs with John and looking at other meetings that are relevant to the team. And I wanted it to understand or I wanted it to tell me what are the biggest pain points, three biggest pain points, and one of the highest value automations that we could build to remove some constraints and help us scale faster. So Fable gave me the biggest pain points of me being the single production and review engine, which is something that I've talked about 25 of 58 meetings. Certification delivery does not scale past one cohort, so we're trying to figure out what that would look like. The critical constraint of the business is also a large cost center, 52 students, blah blah blah.
[03:53:35] And then we also have demand collapsed, and every fix is blocked by unknown work and untrusted data. Weekly leads fell, blah blah blah. And, yep, all this makes sense as far as our three biggest pain points. And then the one automation it came up with was an AI customer success layer for the cert. One live record per student built from circle activity, mastery check outputs and attendance, students upload case readouts to an endpoint instead of DMing Pat, weekly due dates, and reminders so non submitters go out through Gmail or Beehive.
[03:53:59] I think this is something that I've wanted to do and that we talked about a lot, and that makes a lot of sense based on all these conversations. And and I also wanted to note here that Fable five point one analyzed 58 meetings. And if we go over to Astra, Astra analyzed 79 meetings. So it did get the context of 21 more meetings in here. But, anyways, let's take a look.
[03:54:17] The first one was that growth depends too heavily on a few acquisition channels. Yep. Same pain point, I think, as Fable pointed out. The second one is that the customer journey requires too much personal intervention. Appeared in an undefined AIS plus onboarding call, reservice during certification, and leadership still has to reconstruct status and clarify who owns what.
[03:54:32] Okay. Interesting. So these are different pain points than Fable 5.1 found. Now as far as the automation I would prioritize, it came up with the same thing. A customer success workflow, which would check each student's onboarding status, unanswered questions, available progress, identify missed steps, prepare follow-up, all makes sense.
[03:54:48] Now in this case, I think Astra won again. Like, before I even thought about the cost, which is absolutely absurd, Astra still won because I liked its recommendation about the leadership stuff and ownership, and I think that's something that you really wanna make sure you have figured out within a team. But, anyways, if you look here, Astra was $5.5, and Fable 5.1 here was $46, which just makes no sense to me. I'm I'm very, very confused on how it cost that much. I had to look at the session logs.
[03:55:14] I also did a slash usage, and this one cost $46 even though the active agent time was just six minutes. So I'm very confused on where those tokens went. Like, I don't understand why. It also analyzed less meetings in Astra. But, anyways, that's pretty interesting.
[03:55:27] This winner is definitely Astra. So now we are sitting at three to two Astra to Fable. Alright. So moving on to number six. This one's super interesting to me.
[03:55:34] I gave it this folder, which has over a 150 gigabytes of resources and recordings from our AIS Live event in July. And I asked them to make us basically a a a recap, like an energetic reel sixty seconds that shows, like, a recap of the events that we can use to promote the next ones and things like that. Now I'm really impressed with both of these outputs, let me just say, because with how much information it had to look through and how it had to create a story and figure out how to put everything together with music, I think they both did really, really well. So here is Fable five point one. Hello.
[03:56:05] Hello, AIS live, mate. Let's let's get some energy going in here. Oh my god. I'm so excited for this. You guys are doing a a fantastic event.
[03:56:13] Literally, like, logged off yesterday just pausing. I had goosebumps up. Let's let's get you guys paid. This was an experience that didn't feel like a webinar. It's been a great two days.
[03:57:04] Okay. So that was Fable 5.1. Let's take a look at Astra's version. This has been so energizing. Yesterday, I did a workshop where I went all in on every little tool that I use.
[03:57:30] Cloud Code is my primary driver, and then I built, like, my entire second brain slash personal agent on top of it. I could go to bed, come back, and it'll still be working, you know, ten hours later to try to achieve that goal. It's great to be here. You guys have done a a fantastic event. Everything's been super smooth.
[03:57:59] You guys have been such an amazing audience today. Now this one, like I said, is really tough. I think that they both did different things well. I think that Asha did a better job of putting, like, live clips in there. I think that Fable did a better job of kind of, like, gearing it up for the next event in October.
[03:58:19] There were a few moments where there were some things that were off. Like, Fable had a few moments where the the timing and the voices were were felt, like, not very synced. Astra had one weird moment where it was showing an... A video of Russ, but it said Devin Kearns, and it was just like that was clearly off. But I am going to give the slight edge here to Astra, but I will say I'm very, very impressed by both of those outputs.
[03:58:38] I thought it was given the vague goal. They both did a really good job of exploring and creating a story. But, anyways, this one is gonna go to Astra because you can see the stuff here. Astra took thirty minutes, whereas Fable took fifty, and Astra cost $16, and Fable cost $26 here. Now next, we did sizzle reels.
[03:58:55] I basically gave it an example of a sizzle reel that I really liked. It was sort of like a sass... I don't know. A motion graphic, a motion design video that I liked, and I told it to analyze what was good about it. And I told it to use that as inspiration and create us one for AIS.
[03:59:07] So let me show you guys these outputs. First one is Fable 5.1. Okay. Now let me play you
[04:00:00] Astro's output. Okay. So Astra wins this one. I mean, I will say that music is a little bit annoying that but besides that, it took screenshots from AIS. Like, it went in here, and it grabs pictures of the actual courses.
[04:00:43] Where was the other one? It took a picture here, which I thought was just like, I love that idea that it's thinking, okay. Why don't I actually go get real proof and screenshots from the thing I'm actually building a reel about and put it in there? I also love this, like, these three d designs. I don't know.
[04:00:56] It just felt like it had depth. You can see the shadows here as it kind of, you know, zooms in. I thought that this, as far as the energy that it had, was much better and much higher energy than that first one from Fable 5.1. Now let's take a look at the cost and time. This one was about similar time, but Fable 5.1 was, you know, a little over half.
[04:01:14] So $16 compared to $26. But once again, I still think that in this case, I'm going to take that output from Astra as the winner. So moving on to number eight, this one's a little more out there as far as I probably wouldn't really be doing this every day for work, but I had them build me these games. So we have two different games where you're a pistachio and you're trying to escape the kitchen. So I'm just gonna go through these real quick, and you're gonna tell me which one you thought was, you know, sort of like which model.
[04:01:37] So you can see here it's it's, it's pretty smooth. I can double jump. I'm collecting these, like, cereal bits and I have to hit these checkpoints to get to different spots in in order to get out of the kitchen. The physics are real. Like, I'm bumping into these things and I can, like, you know, hit the spoon and everything like that.
[04:01:51] It's pretty easy, but, you know, I I I missed a serial, but I'm able to escape and win the game in about forty three seconds. Okay. Now here is the other version. This one this one definitely looks a little bit more I don't It looks a little bit more premium, doesn't it? This, obviously, this wall isn't there, but it's just because we wanna be able to see like this.
[04:02:08] But this one feels a bit more premium, I'd say. It also feels smoother when I'm actually, like, controlling this. It is guiding me very specifically, though. I don't know. I can double jump, I think.
[04:02:17] Oh, no. I can't double jump. Physics seem to be real still. I can bump into stuff. I can move things.
[04:02:22] I can fall into there. We've got a hot stove. Oops. It's interesting though. They both decided to have, like, the same flow as far as you jump up on the drawer, and then you, you know, you jump up on books to start.
[04:02:33] You're now on the stove. You're going over to the sink. I mean, that's how most kitchens are, but still, the the actual flow is pretty similar. And now we escaped in this one in forty six seconds. So similar amount of time.
[04:02:44] I did get all of the crumbs in this one. They were designed very similarly, but I will say I think that as far as, like, feeling realistic and, you know, physics, I liked this version better. And this version was Astra. Anyways, look at these stats. They were very, very similar.
[04:02:58] So Astra was $8 cheaper, $9 cheaper, and it also took about $40 longer. So very similar stats. Nothing blew anything out of the water here, but I would say that I'm giving this one to Astra. Once again, that one's subjective. Maybe some of you guys liked Fable 5.1 more.
[04:03:12] But what I think is really important is that you're applying your own taste and you're finding your own use cases. Because some of these use cases, you guys might be like, well, I actually like Fable 5.1 here. Cool. Then you just figured out. Maybe you use Fable 5.1 for that use case even though some other people might use Astra for that use case.
[04:03:25] It's all about your own use cases and your own experiments. Okay. So moving on to number nine, we have an actual SaaS, like, kind of a mini SaaS, and it's an evaluation app. So you should be able to put in, like, automations and then run them against some golden dataset and see the score and understand, like, what you need to fix. And then you can rerun them, and you can generate reports and things like that.
[04:03:44] So you can see here, this is the first version. This is Fable 5.1. I think that right away, this is a little bit more of an intimidating interface. It's very, very wordy, but we can see all of these tests. We can see our different automations here on the left as well.
[04:03:56] We can add a new one. So if we wanted to put the name, a description, and then actually, you know, say how how do you actually trigger this automation? Is it Python, or do you hit an API? And then from there, let's just put in some information. You would actually put in the URL or you would put in the Python scripts.
[04:04:10] You would put in the test cases, and then you would write, you know, how to grade it. So that is going to be very valuable, and it also has all of this stored on the back end because it has to store all of these actual runs, and it has to store the code, and it has to, you know, show the improvements and things like that. So here we can see the support ticket one. I think they ran two tests. You can see that there's also, like, a visual breakdown of what this actually does.
[04:04:30] So this is a very deterministic script. We can see the code. We can see the setup. We can see the test cases. So this is essentially our golden dataset.
[04:04:37] There's only 12 examples. You probably need more than that. But this was all generated to actually test the system. Right? And if I actually go in here and hit run, what does this do?
[04:04:45] You put the name, you put what changed, you put any tags, and you compare it with a different version if you want. And then I just go ahead and start the test. And so this came back. You can see, I mean, there were no changes. So we still got two out of the 10 or sorry.
[04:04:56] Two out of 12 didn't hit right. Also went super, fast because I like I said, this is super simple. But then you can generate a report. So if I come in here, you can see all of the different tests that we've ran, and it would show us, like, what's still broken. It would show us the improvements we make.
[04:05:09] So this is something that, you know, I actually do wanna keep building out so we can do this for, you know, our our students and basically give them a better way to evaluate their agents and things like that when they're building them out because eval is obviously we all know are super, important, and it's also good to be able to see them visually. So this was Fable five point one's version. Let's look at Astra's version. So I do like the interface of this one more. As from a design perspective, I think that this one feels I don't know.
[04:05:31] It just feels a little bit more premium. It's also less wordy, so it's less intimidating right away, I think. We have a test library, so we can see all of these different versions. We have run history. Also have reports over here that we can look at, so we can see customer support agent.
[04:05:45] I like how this report is structured. Let's see if we look at this next one. We can see how it changes over time. This one feels more branded. Like, this feels like something I'd rather get in front of some eyes and get some feedback on compared to oops.
[04:05:57] I just closed out of the other one. Compared to this version. This one just feels way more like a POC compared to this. Feel like it's, you know, something we can almost get out there and start testing against. So if I come into an automation real quick, let's say we go to the support ticket router, and I wanna go ahead and see it visually.
[04:06:11] I like that a lot. We can see all the previous runs, and I can go ahead and run this eval again. And we can see it running a bit better. We're seeing it actually go through the test cases. I like this experience way, way more.
[04:06:22] And look at this. Astra came back and cost half the price of what Fable spent in order to do this. It did take a little longer, two hours twenty five minutes compared to an hour and twenty minutes, but it's just so much better for less cost. So in this case, I'm giving this to Astra once again. So Astra is now up, I believe, seven to two on Fable.
[04:06:41] Alright. Moving on to number 10. We now have this Herc brain visual. So this is a local host where I can see basically my brain. We see different clusters over here.
[04:06:49] This seems more like YouTube videos. This seems like things are actually going on in the business. Oh, wait. We can see down here. Cloud memory, video knowledge, and we can remove things or put them back in.
[04:06:58] Business Wiki, skills and agents, projects, and this is dynamic. It's really cool because we can see only what needs attention. We can see show all labels. We can see 612 notes, 2,500 connections. We can analyze things.
[04:07:10] We can talk to it. We can search for things. Let's see if I search for, personal OS, personal assistant, OpenClaw. We can open up the specific things, and that is a pretty cool visual. So we can actually start to see in here inside of the brain.
[04:07:24] And as we click on different things, we see all of the connections that are linking into it, so all the relationships. So that is a pretty cool experience. It does feel pretty smooth, and I can control this not too well. Like, I feel like I have to click on something to make that the center, but I I think that that's pretty cool. So that was Fable five point one's version.
[04:07:41] Let me now open up Astra's version. Okay. So this one's a little bit different. I can still click on all of these things. These nodes are smaller.
[04:07:51] I don't like how that feels. I don't like this interface at all, like, nearly as much. I have the same sort of vibe. I can click on business strategy or AI and ideas, videos and content, people, projects, book and writing, all knowledge. This interface is more overwhelming for sure.
[04:08:09] Like, I I definitely like this one more. I wanted just something simple where I can see the brain a bit more visually, and I was honestly expecting Asha to come in here and kick Fable's butt here, but I think that I like Fable's more. And now let's look at the cost. Astra took 40 minutes. Fable took twenty four.
[04:08:24] Astra and Fable basically cost the same. Fable was a little bit cheaper, but I am gonna give this one to Fable. I think that Fable gave me more of what I was looking for. You know, once again, kind of a subjective grading criteria, but I think Fable won here. So what does that put us at now?
[04:08:36] We're at seven to three Astra to Fable, and we have five more use cases left. So Fable could still take the lead. Alright, guys. So this one is an HTML explainer doc. What I did is I gave it my YouTube video, the 25 GrokBot concepts explained, and I told it to explain it to me simply simply simply and visually, and I told it to take screenshots.
[04:08:55] So I said, basically, give me a doc that I can read through, and it feels like I actually watched the entire tutorial. So we have all these different parts. We can see the screenshot to start. This one obviously is is kind of wordy upfront, but that's okay. We see how the team fits together.
[04:09:08] So me, these executives, these operators, we can see all these different plug ins and computers and skills. So that's a good little explanation at first. Now we move into the concept. So we're taking screenshots, and it is being analyzed. This is Fable 5.1, by the way.
[04:09:21] We can see the executive bots. We can see the name and job label. These so far are coming through well as far as these screenshots being cropped and annotated, which is really nice. It's taking a lot of different screenshots. We have the buttons here.
[04:09:32] We have all this. I think that this is coming out pretty well, and it's showing us what we need to see from the actual video. Now I do think this is pretty wordy. I think that but it is getting very specific. Like, I do think I could give this doc to some people, and they would be able to feel like they actually watched this video.
[04:09:49] It's it's cropping things. It's zooming in. It's annotating. I think that this is doing a really good job. It's even showing all of this.
[04:09:55] Yeah. I mean, this is doing a really good job here. So let's go over to Ash's output. This one already, it look
[04:10:00] Looks a bit better as far as the HTML. And now let's see if the screenshots are good as well. So we have one here. It's pointing at a bot. It is pointing at the description, the executives.
[04:10:11] It's pointing at these different buttons. I will say, Fables, it was more detailed for sure. Like, this one was designed better, but Fable screenshots were better. Like, Fable took more screenshots and made more annotations. And so far, I think that that was a better learning experience even though this one, like I said, looks a little bit more I don't know.
[04:10:30] It it feels prettier or better. But if you were really thinking about, could you hand this doc to a complete beginner and have them actually go through and feel like they're learning? I think that Fable's gonna take this one. But let's look at the cost. Like, I still am gonna give the output to Fable.
[04:10:45] But when we look at the cost, Astra was much cheaper here. So the question is, like, you know, if you used Astra and had it spend another, you know, $20 or so, would it be better than Fable's output right here? And I would argue that, yes, it would be better. So it was way more efficient here, but it's, you know, it's v one wasn't as good as Fable's v one in my opinion. So Fable's gonna take this one.
[04:11:05] So now we are at seven to four Fable or seven to four Ash to Fable. Okay. So moving on to number 12, we have this sort of, like, painting example in Canva, which is a bit silly, but it does highlight the browser use and the vision really well. Because g b t six Astra had to look at this picture, open up Canva, understand how to navigate with the different tools and things, and build this out, which it did. And I think that this does look pretty good, especially when we go over to Fable real quick and I open up Fable's output.
[04:11:30] If I go to the painting and we open up the browser here, this is literally what it gave me. And this was the reference image. I mean, this is just this is laughable. This is laughable. I I was expecting Fable 5.1 to do something much better, but it, like I don't know what exactly it tried to do, but this is obviously just very bad.
[04:11:48] So no question. Astra wins this one, and Astra was also cheaper. So it's pretty ridiculous here how much Fable spent and how long it worked just to give me that crazy output. So Astra wins. Okay.
[04:12:01] So moving on to the next example, number 13. What I did is I gave Fable and Astra this doc, which said, hey. These are this is a new course. I want you to put it into the free community as a draft, I and want you to use browser use in order to do this. So they basically opened up school.
[04:12:15] They went to the classroom, and they put in these draft courses, Astra AIOS and Fable AIOS, and they put in their different courses. So they were basically instructed to have the description, the key points, the key quotes, and any resources, and they had to put the video in here. And so this is Astra's output. I told them to do just the first five, and this looks really good. It had to navigate the interface.
[04:12:33] It had to basically come in here, make a new page. It had to put in the video. It had to put in the text, and it did it really well and saved everything here as a draft. Now if we go to Fable's output, there are no videos here. This one arguably might have been structured better as far as, like, this looks cool and these are numbered, whereas the other one with Astra, it wasn't, like, numbered as well.
[04:12:52] Like, it just it's longer. But the big, big issue here is that Fable ran into an issue and for some reason couldn't upload the video. There was some issue with having it download locally and whatnot. You know, I gave them everything it needed. I gave them the videos.
[04:13:04] I gave it the links. This is something that Astra did way better. And I will say I've done this multiple times in my school, and I've used 5.6 sole with browser use. And just in general, codecs and the GBT models are significantly better with browser use. So this one I'm going to give to Astra.
[04:13:18] And, honestly, the cost and the time wasn't too different here. You know? Very similar and very similar. Astra was a little bit cheaper, and Astra's results were much, much better. So this one's going to go to Astra as well.
[04:13:28] So we are now at the place where the score is Astra has nine and Fable has four. So Fable can no longer catch up, but let's look at the last two outputs as well. Okay. So for number 14, we did a website. And, basically, what I wanted to happen is I gave it this URL.
[04:13:43] And I said, hey. I want you to basically help me clone this website. I like the structure. I like the feel. And I want you to make this for Perkform, which is the fake, you know, can company.
[04:13:52] So this is a really cool scroll dynamic. I know you guys some of you guys hate this sort of site. That's not the point. The point is could Astra and Fable analyze this site and make one that has the same feel and the same vibe for Perkform? So here is Fable five point one's version.
[04:14:06] It loads up. We have this, you know, three d dynamic element, coffee reforms. We have, like, some, you know, DNA looking stuff here. We keep scrolling down. We've got these coffee beans falling.
[04:14:16] We've got the can come back. We've got all of this going on. I would say that it it's doing a decent job here. It's even got the huge, like, zoom out. It's doing a decent job of making this feel like the other site.
[04:14:26] You know, obviously, there are some issues here, but I think it's doing a decent job. Like, for one shot prompt, although sometimes I get into these issues with the scroll. I mean, that's a bit of a bug. Right? That's when you hit the bottom of the site, something weird goes on there.
[04:14:37] So there's obviously some bugs, but it's not terrible for a one shot. And now let's take a look at Ash's version. We have the big can here, which is a little bit dynamic. There's something going on with this text. Right?
[04:14:47] Like, the coffee's out of bounds for some reason. Keep scrolling down. I do like this animation. I mean, that's pretty cool. So it's a coffee bean.
[04:14:54] There's definitely layers in the back. And by the way, this one, I didn't tell it to use any skills. I just said, hey. I want the same vibe. I want you to analyze the, you know, the original site, this one right here, and make me one like this.
[04:15:06] Right? So, anyways, we're coming through the little sort of, like, DNA thing, coffee and protein together, two drinks in one can. I like that animation. This one overall does feel smoother than fables. I do think that as far as a first pass, I like the way this one feels.
[04:15:21] We get stuck at the bottom, and we'd have to scroll all the way back up to the top now. I do think that Fable did a better job as of actually just recreating what we saw in the original site, which was the prompt. Now I do get stuck. There's a little bit of a there's bugs like this. Like, I get stuck.
[04:15:36] But as far as recreating this, Fable has felt more similar to this, I think. So we will give this one to Fable. It kind of needs it as well, but I still think in general when it comes to design, you guys have probably seen throughout this video and you've seen my other videos. In general, I do think I like Astra more for design. But that was like, hey.
[04:15:52] Show me what you can do. Take this URL. Build me something crazy in one shot. It was kind of a a weird prompt. Right?
[04:15:58] But in this case, I still think that Fable won, but here's a look at the cost and the time for this example. Alright. And this is the last one, number 15. We have YouTube twelve month review and strategy. So it basically had to look through the past year of my YouTube stuff and give me some stats.
[04:16:13] So this is interesting. I mean, these are big docs. The one on the left is Fable. It's 25 pages. The one on the right is Astra.
[04:16:17] It's 15 pages. So let's just slowly scroll through and see what's happening here. I like how Astra right away has, you know, this chart on new viewers and regular viewers, whereas over here, we have, you know, the year numbers. We have a monthly review. We have total views across the past, oh, interesting.
[04:16:33] So actually, what they show me first on the left side is from January to now. Whereas over here, I'm getting sort of like the actual past twelve months. So those stats are gonna be a little bit different. It's showing me content type. It's showing me the monthly scorecard.
[04:16:44] It's showing what my best content actually does. It's showing me some packaging stuff. It's showing me what to worry about. So it says news brings the views, but does not bring the subscribers. It's saying the news packaging is drifting towards hype.
[04:16:55] The audience is saying so. It's saying Agency Mechanics content has stopped working on YouTube. That definitely feels to be a bit true for this audience. Now it's deep diving into some packaging. So it's analyzing my my titles over here.
[04:17:07] Whereas over here, when we have the packaging, what I would keep and improve, the evidence, retention, first thirty seconds, who you are reaching in house. So it's looking at the age. It's looking at the gender. It's looking at the geography. It analyzes what the comments are asking me to do.
[04:17:20] Then at the end, they kind of, like, put all this stuff together, and they give me the next ninety days, and they give me some things to look at. Overall, they're very similar. I do like the way that this was packaged more by Astra. It just feels a little bit easier to read, and it also feels more visual. So I'm gonna give this one to Astra as well.
[04:17:35] And you can see here though, Astra did spend more and take longer. So forty two minutes compared to 17 and $27 ish compared to $9. So Astra wins, but it was longer or slower and more expensive here. But anyways, that was 15. That was 15 different use cases here that we scored and looked at the cost and time.
[04:17:52] Astra won 10 of them, and Fable won five of them. But let's take a look at the total numbers here. I had both Astra and Fable give me these stats to make sure they were consistent, and you can see the numbers are exactly the same. Fable was nine hours thirty five minutes and forty five seconds of total run time here, costing us $513.36. And Astra was eleven hours nineteen minutes twenty four seconds and cost us $326.98.
[04:18:19] So in total, Astra was a $186 cheaper, but took an hour and forty three minutes longer to run across these 15 different use cases. Now I will say this was 15 use cases. In general, my experience has been that Astra feels quicker and feels more efficient. And, also, it doesn't give us that five hour window in Codex, and it doesn't give us that fable limit. You know?
[04:18:40] We can just use Astra the whole week. So I do like that. We also get more inference with Astra in general because of the Codex subscription. So right now, I'm heavily leaning towards Astra for my my day to day and my use cases. But the other thing I want you guys to keep in mind is that g p t 5.6 SOL is so so good still.
[04:18:55] It's so capable. And for the majority of my knowledge work, I could use that just fine. And that even honestly might be overkill for the majority of stuff that I'm doing. So it's not like you need to use Astra only for all your use cases, and it's not like you need to go grab Fable 5.1 for all your use cases. I'm still a very firm believer in they both have different strengths and weaknesses.
[04:19:11] They both have value, And that's why I love doing things like this to find out what are the different use cases and how do they, you know, behave in different scenarios. And so, yes, I am going to be using Codex more right now because that's where it currently is, but this stuff shifts so fast. And I will always keep both subscriptions or multiple of both subscriptions so I can keep testing them out as things change, as my use cases change. Who knows what might happen? Alright.
[04:19:33] So that was Codex versus Cloud Code, and it was also Astra versus Fable. And Astra and Fable are the models there. So we talked about how the harness, Cloud Code or Codex, is different than the actual model inside. So that's one thing to be aware of as far as, like, the difference between Anthropic and OpenAI and whatnot. The model is different than the harness.
[04:19:49] But besides that, I also think it's important to understand that these tools are all gonna start to sort of merge into the same standards. At least I think so. Here's one really good example. Thorick from Cloud Code came out and tweeted and
[04:20:00] So, hey. We're adding support for agents.md inside Cloud Code, which as we know, that is what Codex looks at for sort of, the system prompts or the instructions. And the point I'm trying to make here is just that is Cloud Code changing the harness a little bit. So now everything is being even more tool agnostic. So don't worry.
[04:20:14] Stay flexible. And speaking of staying flexible, I wanna tell you guys about some of the mistakes and some of the lessons that I had learned when I was trying to be as flexible as possible and selling automations to tons of different businesses, tons of different clients. Because if that's something that you are actually motivated to do after watching this course or maybe you're trying to start an agency already, then let me talk about some of those lessons and the mindset shift of how you approach actually helping a business grow with AI rather than just trying to sell them some template or some automation that you try to copy off a YouTube video. This is how you can actually provide way more way more value to clients. And that means that you're gonna get bigger retainers, and you're gonna get more referrals, and you're gonna get better case studies.