[01:28:14] Now that you guys understand how skills work and how you use them, let's talk about a few specific examples of how you can start to build skills that are very, very specific to you, and they feel like they're coming from you, and they feel like they're coming from your business when you're creating deliverables or and or when you want your team to create deliverables that sound like you guys and that they all look the same and things like that. So let's hop into this next section. Okay. So we've built our AIOS. We've got that all set up.
[01:28:38] We've talked about skills. Now let's start to talk about some specific use cases of using your business and skills. So what I wanna talk about here is how we can start to create some branded deliverables like sheets or docs or slideshows or, you know, even videos and websites and all that kind of good stuff. But one thing that you wanna get set up is kind of like your brand guidelines, your brand rules, logos, color schemes, typography, things of that nature. So right here, we're inside of the AIS OS that we have set up, and you can see that I've said, hey.
[01:29:06] What's my company in this AIS? It's up at AI. It's AI automation society. And if I go in here, we have all of our files and folders set up. So if you are ever in a situation where you want to add some context or you want to do something with your AIS or sorry.
[01:29:19] Not your AIS OS. Your AIOS, you don't really know exactly where things should live and you feel like you're gonna do something wrong, the first thing I wanna say is I don't think there is such thing as wrong. There's not like one universal standard because it's AI. AI is able to search through things and understand your rules, and every single person's AIOS is going to be different, but no one's is, like, wrong. The only way it's wrong is if it's going to hallucinate things or if it can't find things and if there's way too much data, things like that.
[01:29:41] So if you're noticing that it's lying or that it can't find things or that it's making up details, that's where you probably did something wrong. And you just need to sort of run an audit, analyze things, and clean some things up. And once again, you can do that in natural language. But let's say I wanted to add some, like, logos and some color schemes and things like that. I would say, hey.
[01:29:58] So I wanna add some logos. I wanna give you
[01:30:00] More brand guidelines so that in the future when we're making things like docs or any deliverables, you can make sure it feels branded to me. Meaning, like, my voice, but also, you know, physical styling when it comes to these deliverables. So I wanna have some sort of folder inside of the iOS called brand guidelines. Where should we put that based on our current folder structure? And we will go ahead and shoot that off.
[01:30:23] So it made the suggestion, and it suggested what we could put in there. And I'm just gonna say, yep. Go ahead and set that up. And now you can see that it created that folder right here, brand assets, and we have some things in there, like a few markdown files, some spaces for logos and things. And so I opened up this in my actual folder right here.
[01:30:38] You can see this is the, brand assets, and I clicked into logos. I clicked into Up dot ai. And I opened up another file explorer where I actually just wanna drag in some logos. So I'm gonna copy these three, and I'm going to copy them, and I'm just gonna come and paste them right in here. So now we have three up.ai logos.
[01:30:54] And then I could also do the same thing. I'll copy these four, and I will paste these into the AI automation society side over here. So now we just have a few logos set up. And now you can see that those are showing up here in our actual AI OS. Now what I would recommend doing from here is, yes, it's good to have logos in there, but I probably wanna brainstorm a little bit on what are our brand guidelines.
[01:31:14] If you already have that, like, you already have your colors and your typography, like the fonts that you use, then just go ahead and give that information to Codex right here, and it'll put it in there. But if you need to brainstorm on it, then just brainstorm on it a little bit. And what else you can do is have it generate you a brand guidelines doc. So watch this. You can see that I just dropped in some logos for Up dot ai.
[01:31:33] Now in there, I have a few different logos. I've got, a white one and a light blue one. The light blue one is the main logo. That's, like, our primary logo, and that's what I want you to always add on our deliverables. Like, in the docs, I want you to have it as a header.
[01:31:45] In the slides, I want you to have it, like, in the bottom left or something. And the colors are pretty much that same way. You know, we like to use white, and we like to use that light blue. And I always want our deliverables to feel professional, and they should feel trusted. And so we really like to utilize that light blue and those light colors.
[01:32:02] I don't exactly know what type of font that I like to use, but I don't want it to feel, like, too techy. I want it to feel very modern and clean. So could you just go ahead and generate me a brand guidelines sheet? You know, like an actual image that shows, the way that we like to have our buttons, the way that we like to have, logos, colors, things like that. And that's actually how I've made all of these different images that I have where we see, like, our brand guidelines with, you know, Nate Herc.
[01:32:26] It has, like, these colors. It has these sorts of buttons and all this stuff like that. So that as we're generating new things in the future, I can always just point my AI towards that file, and that's, like, the source of truth. And I like to usually have one that's a markdown file, so it's easier for the AI to read, and you can see the actual hex codes and everything like that and the font names. But then I also like to have one that's, an image in case you wanna send that to your team or send that to a sponsor or something like that.
[01:32:48] And so while that is making that, I'll show you guys some other examples, and I'll also talk about, like, why this is so important. And real quick, can see that inside of the read me of the brand assets folder, here's what it generated. It says, hey. This folder is the visual source of truth for Up dot a I and AIS deliverables. It keeps approved assets and usage rules findable, so future work uses the brand instead of guessing.
[01:33:05] For any document, PDF, presentation, report, whatever, read this. Read this. Read here. Go look at the templates. Go look at the logos.
[01:33:13] Do all this. And so it basically is just creating this read me so that your agent always understands why does this folder exist and where should it look for different things, like fonts and templates and examples and colors and whatever else you wanna give it in here. So you can see right now it's using its generate image tool to actually make that for us, and then we could turn that into a markdown file that's a little bit more structured. And there you go. You can see that this came out super, super quick for us.
[01:33:32] I can click into this. We see we have the primary logo. We have the reverse. We have a primary action button. We have a secondary button.
[01:33:38] We have things about placements like docs and like slides. We have typography that it shows. We have a color palette right here as well with different actual hex codes that we could put into Canva or to whatever we need to put them in. And, obviously, I could mark this up and I could make comments if I don't like this and I wanted to comment on that or if I wanted to change anything. That's what's so cool about the desktop app is you can do so many things right from inside here.
[01:33:58] You can even remove backgrounds. So you can play around with this until you get it the way you want it and then say, hey. Can you also turn that into, you know, like, a a markdown version for me or a text version for me so that different agents can read that easier? But look how easy I was able to turn one logo into a formal brand guidelines doc. And now that you have that, what you can do is you can generate deliverables with this in mind or websites or videos or whatever it is, but also you work that into the skills.
[01:34:20] And now I have skills like this. This is a student resource guide skill. So whenever I have a YouTube video or I read an article or I just wanna do a brain dump and I say, hey. Can you turn this into a student resource guide? It does all this stuff.
[01:34:30] It puts the AI's header up here. It uses this font. It uses these sorts of colors and headers. It links my YouTube channel at the top. You can see this link right here to my YouTube channel.
[01:34:38] It puts these horizontal bars. It does all of this in the way that I love it. And then at the very bottom, what it does is it also links people to AI automation society plus. And this is because I gave it the skill with my brand guidelines and with also, you know, of course, my rules for building the student resource guide. I also have one for writing UpAtAI memos.
[01:34:55] It has a UpAtAI header up here. It has this sort of, like, I I I guess I I was about to say YAML front matter as if this is a skill. Whatever this whatever you call this, like, a little header. Once again, it has, like, different colors. It has these the way that I structure this.
[01:35:08] It even has the footer here, the confidential internal up.ai communication footer. It has all of this now because once again, I gave it brand guidelines, but also I told it how I like to write our internal memos. It also works with things like sheets. This is one that I run whenever I wanna do, like, a YouTube report. Whether it's quarterly or whether it's three quarters, Look at all this stuff.
[01:35:25] It has colors on the tabs down here, so I can easily navigate between all these tabs. It has, you know, colors inside of this. You can see that the font isn't just the basic font. It's using MonsterRat for the font because that's on our brand guideline doc. It put the logo up here.
[01:35:37] It has big hero text up here. And then as I go through, I'm getting data visualized for me as well. I'm getting charts. I'm getting different things like this because this is the way that I told it. I like to see it.
[01:35:46] And not only is it giving me all of this data with all of these links and all of these, you know, interesting insights, but the whole thing feels branded to me. It feels like something I would send to my team, and they'd like, yeah. This is an up.ai sheet. And that's what I want you guys to realize is that every single time that you're generating outputs with your AI OS, you can have it be exactly the way you want it. And you can give the brand guidelines and you can give the skills to your team.
[01:36:08] So now everyone is generating things that look exactly the same. So that it all feels like it's coming from your brand voice so that it all looks consistent. And then when you guys start to push out things like articles or blog posts or LinkedIn posts, it always also has the prant feel as well. And it doesn't just have to be Google Sheets. It can be PDFs or HTML docs or whatever you want.
[01:36:26] But here's another example with a slideshow. This is a slide deck where we can see we have the branding up here. Once again, this all just feels consistent because it's using the same color schemes and it's building it in a way that feels like it's an Up dot ai doc. And, obviously, there's some other things that I've put into the skill here, like having these sorts of visualizations, having, you know, swim lanes or, calendars or having actual data being visualized here with charts and things like that. And what's cool about this one is it also generated this Excel sheet or Google Sheet to go with it because it had to actually generate these, visualizations.
[01:36:55] And it did this in Google Sheet, and then it brought all these over and put them into the actual slide deck that it built, which I was just on the other tab for. And you can see that was actually right here. It was the mock data slide deck. We have all of these different things with the branding. It also created, a different workbook, which was the Google Sheet to make all of those charts.
[01:37:13] And like I said, for all of these, we talked about how with skills, we like to sort of reverse engineer them. So what what I did was I basically used Codex to help me get to a place where I liked an output. So let's say the student resource guide. I went back and forth. Now I have an output that I like, and now I turn this into a skill.
[01:37:27] And in that skill, I basically say, hey. By the way, include all of these things from the brand assets, include the header up top, include the logo down there, include these colors, whatever. And the reason I really like to do it inside of Google is because we work out of Google Drive. So it also knows when it's creating deliverables to put it in the shared drive, to put it inside of the education folder or the marketing folder or the AIS folder or wherever it needs to go. It knows to just throw it right there so that my team can access it automatically.
[01:37:52] Because when you're building things locally like this, HTML report, for example, there's not really a problem with that. It's just less editable. Because now if I wanted to edit this, I would have to manipulate the code. And I would have to say, hey. You know, Codex, can you change this line, or can you make this a different color?
[01:38:06] Whereas now in here, if I wanted to make a quick edit, I could just come in here and make a quick edit. And then I can also send this to my team right away. With this, I would have to, like, download this and send it to them over ClickUp or email. They'd have to download it, open it up. If they wanted to make a change, they'd to make a change and then send it back to me.
[01:38:19] So I just like to work with live cloud data, you know, cloud deliverables like Google Sheets, Google Docs. I really just like the Google ecosystem, honestly. And it's pretty cool because you can obviously just come into your codex. You can go up here to the plug ins, and you can just connect the Google Drive plug in. And it lets you do pretty much everything through Drive, Docs, Sheets, or Slides.
[01:38:37] And I know this is starting to sound like a Google ad, but trust me, it's not. But here is another example of an HTML skill, and this is what I call an HTML explainer. So whether this is a deliverable or whether this is just something that I want, whenever I wanna turn a concept into something that's a bit more visual and in a way that explains it to me or to my students or to my team, I use this HTML explainer skill. And this one isn't as branded, but you can still see that in the top left, we have the logo. And you can still see that it kinda fits the color scheme a little bit.
[01:39:03] But the whole point of this one is that this creates HTML. So it's explaining some sort of concept to me, and it does it in this way where it's very visual. It's not very wordy. It's very easy to understand, and it just lays it out as if it was trying to teach me a lesson. And it like I said, it uses visualizations really well because that's the way that I like to learn.
[01:39:20] I like to actually see examples, and I like to see flowcharts and little symbols and things like that. So this is an HTML explainer skill. So whenever I need something explained to me or I wanna explain something to my team, I just go ahead and use this skill. And this also created a different version for us, one with, a transparent background and then one like this. So we could send that around, and like I said, make some tweaks, and now you have some brand guidelines.
[01:39:42] And that was just a visual brand guideline doc. This is something else that you can start to work in is, like, how does your company actually talk? Do you guys have slogans? Do you guys have mottos? Do you guys have big hero stats that you always want your whole team to know when they're writing emails or deliverables?
[01:39:56] For us, we have this thing called an AI phrase kill list, which is things that I hate
[01:40:00] That AI says a lot. And I've got a ton of things on here, and this is shared with my team so that when they're generating emails or content or, you know, copy, I don't want them to have their output sounding like AI. So this is one of the other things that we work into our, like, team brand guidelines, not just from a visual perspective, but also from, like, a what does our voice sound like? Who is our avatar we're speaking to? All of those things that you want everyone on the team to have sort of, like, a unified view on, that's also stuff that you can put into your iOS.
[01:40:27] You can turn into skills, and then you can share with your team. So I would encourage you to think about stuff like that. How do you know that something came from your brand? And more importantly, what kind of stuff do you wanna make sure doesn't come from your brand? So for me, that was things like em dashes and things like saying, you know, and honestly and honestly, it's not just x.
[01:40:43] It's y. Not a tool. Not a feature. A revolution. And speaking of visual elements of a brand, we know that Codex can make us images because ChatGPT image 2.5 or whatever the image model is from OpenAI by the time you're watching this, it's inside of Codec.