[02:18:53] I use it to edit probably this course that you're watching. I use it a lot, and my team also uses it a lot for courses and for ads and for creative content. So it is one of the things that truly helps us move really fast because editing is no longer the bottleneck when you can use a tool like Codex, especially if you've never edited a video before and you don't have video editing experience. So let's hop into this next section about how you can use Codex to help you edit some videos. Stop prompting Claude.
[02:19:17] Andre Garbati thinks there's a much better way to work with AI, and his method has three layers. Layer one is the spec. Instead of giving Claude a task and hoping it understands you, work with it to create a detailed spec first. Have Claude interview you about what you're actually trying to achieve, then break the work into smaller checkpoints before it starts. So NVIDIA just made building with AI basically free.
[02:19:35] They're giving developers free API access to over 80 AI models. Here's how you use it. Go to NVIDIA, choose the model you want, and generate an API key. You can choose from models like Kimi, GLM, DeepSeek, and loads more. So you wanna start a real business, but you can't afford people for content, marketing, sales, and all the other types of work yet because you can now install AI agents for free.
[02:19:53] One to help create content, one to help follow-up with leads, and other types of agents to help handle the jobs that your first employees normally would do for you.
[02:20:00] Isn't it crazy that with just my natural language, can get all of these crazy motion graphics right here and I can get all of these insane animations over here as well? I can have subtitles appearing at the bottom like you see. I can take my face and I can put it in the bottom right corner or I can bring it up to the top left corner. I can even play you guys clips of a bunch of my different YouTube videos right here in this sort of three d fashion. So by the end of this video, you will know exactly how to actually do this even if you've never really used Codex before or you've never edited videos before.
[02:20:25] So I don't wanna waste any of your time. Let's just get straight into this video. Alright. So I hope you guys are excited to learn how to do this. What you're gonna need is you're gonna need the Codex desktop app, and you're going to need to install HyperFrames.
[02:20:36] I'm gonna show you guys all that. Before we go through the setup, I just wanted to show you a few examples of how I've been using it and the skills that I'm gonna give you guys for completely free. So this first example is just having it help me edit YouTube videos because what it's able to do is it transcribes the audio, and then it can cut out mistakes and stutters and things like that and, you know, dead space. So for example, in this one, I gave it two different recordings. I gave it my face cam, and I gave it my screen recording.
[02:20:57] And this was a fourteen minute video that got cut down to nine minutes, and now it has, like, the background, and it also has a few cuts. So let me just show you what I mean by that. So here's the video. It's not live yet, but this is how it starts off. Today, I'm going over the 18 core codex concepts that you actually need to know in order to start using it right away and getting value from it.
[02:21:14] It doesn't matter if you're not technical at all or you've never used codex before. By the end of this video, you'll understand exactly how this thing actually works so that you can start using it right away. So as you can see, that first animation with the 18 cards coming into the screen, that was hyperframes as well as, you know, codex here driving the actual edits, the rounded crops, the background, all of this. And so part one, we're gonna start off here is foundations. So we're gonna kick off with concept number one, which is projects.
[02:21:41] Now a lot of you guys, I'm assuming, have used ChatGPT or Claude in the Now all of that logic was once again hyperframes. It basically created the card that said, you know, number one projects. It then decided to also zoom me in here because it realized that for the next, you know, ten to fifteen seconds, I might be talking about something, but I'm not showing anything on screen. So I prompted it in this way and I gave it the skills in this way to understand that when there's nothing going on on the screen, maybe you do a full screen. But then when it's time to do more of a tutorial, you go back into this view.
[02:22:08] So anyways, throughout this whole video, that's basically what it does. It's able to jump between full screen and this basically, you know, template or scene, and then it also creates those cards. In between each of the concepts, there is, like, a transition screen. Alright. So that's one quick example.
[02:22:22] Let's take a look at some short form content, which I think is getting much, much better. So here I have it doing two reels. One is about Claude and one is about NVIDIA. So let me just real quick play these two for you, and then we'll break them down. Stop prompting Claude.
[02:22:34] Andre Garbati thinks there's a much better way to work with AI, and his method has three layers. Layer one is the spec. Instead of giving Claude a task and hoping it understands you, work with it to create a detailed spec first. Have Claude interview you about what you're actually trying to achieve, then break the work into smaller checkpoints before it starts. Layer two is the verifier.
[02:22:51] Before Claude does anything, define exactly what a good result looks like. Then give it ways to actually check its own work, whether that's another AI model or real data or tests that it can run on its own. And layer three is the environment. Build a workspace where Claude already has your instructions, your knowledge, your skills, and your rules every single time you use it. So instead of becoming better at writing prompts, you're building an entire system around Claude that makes it better every time you use it.
[02:23:13] I made a full YouTube video breaking down Karpathy's method and exactly how to build this yourself, so just comment method, and I'll send it to you. So NVIDIA just made building with AI basically free. They're giving developers free API access to over 80 AI models. Here's how you use it. Go to NVIDIA, choose the model you want, and generate an API key.
[02:23:29] You can choose from models like Kimi, GLM, DeepSeek, and loads more. Then take that key and plug it directly into whatever you're building with so you can experiment with AI apps, automations, and other projects without immediately racking up API costs. And because they're OpenAI compatible APIs, you can use them with loads of existing AI workflows. If you wanted to start building with AI but didn't wanna burn your own money testing different models, this makes it way easier. So just comment key, and I'll send you the full setup.
[02:23:50] So I thought that those outputs were really, really solid. You can see that what it does is it kind of starts off with, a visual hook. I guess we'll go to the Claude one first. We have the three missing pieces, and what it did here is it's kind of creating that open loop because it's saying, hey. Yeah.
[02:24:02] You know, Andre Carpathi uses it in this way, and it's creating this open loop of, oh, wow. I need to stay to the end of this short to see what all three of these are. Because as we go through, we can see we have number one. We could talk about what are the number one, and then we go into number two, the verifier. And then we get into number three finally at the end, which is about the environment.
[02:24:19] And so about every one or two seconds here, it's switching. You know, we've got some scenes where it's like this with b roll up top and me down here. It's got some where it's a full screen animation. It's got some where it's full screen me. And all of these animations are sort of like paper style.
[02:24:32] There's texture. It's three d. They're always moving, so we're never having one element be still. You've also noticed that it went out and it got all of this b roll. It either created it or it recorded it itself.
[02:24:42] And the subtitles, it was made by Hyperframes and Astra. The music, the sound effects, all of this is being synced to the actual reel for engagement. And pretty much same thing with the NVIDIA one. This one was shorter, but it's a similar style. This one has more green accents rather than orange because it's about NVIDIA, but it has the same types of animations.
[02:24:59] It has the same types of, you know, scenes, and it has the same way that it's fast paced. It's always switching. We have music. We have real b roll that it went out and it collected on its own. And here's even more AI generated b roll that it created on its own.
[02:25:11] I think that this is getting really, really good, and I've turned this into a skill. And like I said, all of these are skills that come inside of one sort sort of student kit is what I'm calling it. So if you wanna get it all for free, just go into my free school community. The link for that is down in the description. And then you're gonna go to the classroom, and you'll go to either AI skills or all YouTube resources.
[02:25:28] I have it linked in a bunch of spots, so it's really easy to find. But you'll be able to find it right in here in the AI skills section. It'll be called, like, hyper frames student kit. Here's another quick example. This one is an AIS reel, and it made this one for me in both, 16 by nine as well as nine by 16.
[02:25:42] But let me just real quick play the nine by 16 version for you guys It's kind of like a reel, but it's a little bit different because this one was meant to be an ad. What if you could build a team before you hired it? So you wanna start a real business, but you can't afford people for content, marketing, sales, and all the other types of work yet. Because you can now install AI agents for free. One to help create content, one to help follow-up with leads, and other types of agents to help handle the jobs that your first employees normally would do for you.
[02:26:04] It's like building your first AI powered team before you hire your first employee, and that doesn't eliminate every future hire. It actually gives you the capabilities to start before you need them. At AIS Live, I'll show you how to build your own AI OS, a personalized system of agents, tools, and workflows that helps you operate a real business. You'll discover the most important AI agents for starting a company and how to install them for free. You'll also see how an AI OS can support content, marketing, sales, operations, and even recruiting as your company needs to keep growing.
[02:26:32] So if you wanna start a highly profitable business without building a huge team, then click below for more details on AIS Live. Now it has similar elements. Right? But what I want you to pay attention to here is all of the b roll that it went and collected from me. It grabbed YouTube videos of mine.
[02:26:45] It went ahead and it grabbed past AIS Live, you know, segments. So here's one with me and Pat. We can go into here's, like, a VIP session. Here's a video of me, like, talking about my iOS and a second brain. So it was able to use the context of what the ad was about.
[02:26:58] Here's a session with HyperAgent and Alex. It used the context of what we were talking about, and it actually put it inside so that this doesn't just feel so much like theory. It feels more real. And even animated this logo here at the end, which I thought was just beautiful because it had to go to my Google Drive to find the AIS Live logo, and I think that this turned out really, really nice. And I'll play one more for you guys real quick, which was a call to action that I gave Codex.
[02:27:21] Real quick, guys. Just wanted to say if you're enjoying this video and you're enjoying the way that I teach, please consider subscribing and joining my free school community. The link for that is down in the description. We're building a global community of AI builders and entrepreneurs and business owners. We're almost at 450,000 members.
[02:27:34] We're almost at 500,000, which is super, super exciting, and it would just mean a lot to me if you joined. We have a lot of resources in here. We've got agent skills. We've got every YouTube video where I give away free resources. Like I said, skills, guides, templates, docs, GitHub repos.
[02:27:49] I give it all away in here for completely free. We also have a seven day challenge. We have a build your AIOS course. We've got a lot of fun stuff going on in here. Events, certification programs, tons of cool things that we're building towards.
[02:27:59] So if you're enjoying it, if you like the way I teach, please definitely check it out. Hope to see you guys in there. Let's get back to the video. Now what I liked about this is this one felt very clean. Right?
[02:28:07] It wasn't super fast paced, super energetic. There's low music. But once again, it's proving to us that it can go grab screenshots. It can crop them, and it can use context about me and my business in order to make these feel more relevant. It grabs all of these different, you know, skills and docs, and it put them in here in a really, really nice way.
[02:28:23] We even went and screenshot some of our courses from the community. It grabs, you know, event assets and pictures and videos, and it just made this call to action to feel so much more real, so much more human. So if you guys are getting excited by that, go ahead, like I said, to my free school community and grab all of those skills to be able to replicate those sorts of outputs. But now let's actually get started with building this. Like, how do you actually do it?
[02:28:42] And I'm gonna walk through a real example with you guys. If you guys remember the intro from this video, I'm going to build that out live right now with you guys. So first thing that I want you to do is you're going to open up a new project. So I would just open up a new folder in your desktop or something, and we'll just call this one for now. I'm gonna call this, hyperframes demo.
[02:29:02] And that is the project that we're gonna be working inside of. So I've got this folder on my desktop now. I'm going to come into here on the left hand side and open up a new project. I'm gonna choose for this to be a local project. I'm going to give this a name, so hyperframes demo, and then I'm gonna choose that actual folder so that codecs can work inside of it.
[02:29:19] So that was in my desktop, and it was called hyperframes demo. Cool. So there's the project. I'm gonna select that and open this up. So when you open up a new chat in this project, there's gonna be nothing in here.
[02:29:29] So if I go over here and I go to my files, there's literally nothing here. But we're gonna start to fill this up with things like video projects and different renders and different files and things like that. So the first thing that I want you to do is I want you to go to this GitHub repo, which I will link in the description, and this is called hyperframe. So you're basically just going to copy this URL for the hyperframes GitHub repo. You're gonna open up Codex, paste that in there, and then basically just say, hey, Codex.
[02:29:53] I need you to, basically pull in this hyperframes repo so that I can, use it to have you edit
[02:30:00] For me and stuff. I need you to make sure that all the dependencies are installed and everything like that and, you know, grab in some skills or things that you need inside of this Codex project in order to actually make this stuff useful. So that's the first step. You're gonna go ahead and shoot that off. Now while this is getting set up, let me talk about the mindset and the idea of what we're actually doing here when we're editing videos with AI.
[02:30:21] So there's a few steps. Right? And in this case, I'm taking the example of we're giving it some sort of footage and having it edit it and animate it and things like that. But it can also create things from scratch. So if you gave it, a rough outline and you wanted just motion graphics and, like, sizzle reels or, like, SaaS demos, it could do that a 100%.
[02:30:38] But that's not what I'm gonna be focusing on right now. You would just remove this first step. So, basically, in my mind, step one is you have footage. And what you need to do is you need to transcribe it. And, basically, that means it needs to find out all the text that you're saying in that clip and exactly when it happens, the exact second to the millisecond of when you say certain words so that it could sync it up with different animations and different text like subtitles, for example.
[02:31:01] So transcribing comes first. You can do this with a free local thing that it can set up, like, called whisper, but I actually like to use 11 labs for this. So I'm gonna show you how to set that up as well. After you transcribe then, the next thing that we wanna do is we probably want to cut. So basically having it cut out, you know, mistakes or five seconds of silences and things like that.
[02:31:21] So that would be step two. Step three then in my mind is to plan the beats. That's kinda what it calls our beats. So beats are basically different scenes. So for example, with this reel, like this install capability slide, this is one beat.
[02:31:33] And then, like, this is one beat. And this is one beat. Every basically scene is a different beat. So now what we like to do is we like to have Astra, the model, read through the text, understand the intent, and start to plan out the beats of what's actually going to go inside of this reel or inside of this video. And then what it's gonna do is it's going to use its, you know, skills, and it's going to use hyperframes, and it's gonna use other tools like this in order to actually do the generation of the HTML.
[02:31:58] It's basically just creating HTML, and it's animating it. And that's what really gives us all these three d elements, and it gives us this text, and it gives us what we are basically looking at and considering the motion graphics or the motion design. And by the way, part of planning the beats is, like, understanding that there's going to be, like, you know, music that's going to sync to it and sound effects, and all of that is basically coming into this element of planning. And the thing about it is we have to have transcribed and cut all of that first in order to be able to do this properly. And then the last step here is basically honestly, it's kind of a loop.
[02:32:29] So the last step is basically to verify. Meaning, have the agent watch through all of us again. It will watch through it. It will take screenshots. It will look at the transcript again.
[02:32:39] And, basically, what we wanna do is we're gonna do this loop of verifying and then going back into here and using the skills again and then verifying and then using the skills again. So we get in this loop of just going like this until the agent is confident that everything is in bounds and everything syncs properly and everything feels how it should. So that's kind of the flow. Let's actually go get set up. So we are now inside of this project, and it's still getting everything set up.
[02:33:04] So what I wanna show you what to do next is we want to do, 11 labs to transcribe. So you're gonna go to a new page. You're gonna open up 11 labs and create an account if you haven't. You can get started on this for, like, a $5 a month plan, which it it'll last you quite a while. So you're gonna come in here, and then what you're gonna do is you're gonna go on the bottom left to developers, and you're gonna click on API keys right here.
[02:33:26] You're And going to go ahead and create a new key. I'm just going to call this, Astra demo. You can have this expire. You could just leave this at never. And then as far as restricting the key, if you want to say, okay.
[02:33:36] This key is literally only going to transcribe stuff. That would be speech to text, you could give it access to speech to text. If you also wanna give it access to, like, sound effects and music generation and image and video generation, you can give it access to other things as well. But right now, I'm just gonna start with just speech to text because all we really need for this endpoint is the, transcription. So I'm gonna create this key.
[02:33:56] This gives us basically a password. So don't share this with anybody, and I'm gonna delete this as soon as I'm done filming. So don't even think about it. But you're gonna copy this to your clipboard. You're gonna go into codex, and then we're gonna come into your files right over here.
[02:34:07] And you can see now it's starting to build out some folders and files and things like that. And what you need is you need a file called a dot ENV, which lets you store secrets and passwords like your Eleven Labs API key. So all you have to do is just you can chuck in a message even while it's working here. And look. It actually opened up a local host, which is kind of how we can see our video projects.
[02:34:24] This is just you know, it just lets us test them and look at them and even, like, move elements around and stuff, which is really, really cool. But I'm just gonna close out of that because that was just an example. But what I can do is say, when you do the transcriptions, I want you to use Elevenlabs. So can you please create me a dot ENV so I can put my Eleven Labs API key in there? And, also, make sure that you include this in the agents.md that says whenever, you know, Nate wants you to transcribe a video, use Eleven Labs for that.
[02:34:51] So the agents dot m d is this file. This basically just explains how the project works. So right now, because there's not much information in there, it just has some very basic stuff from hyper frames. But as you start to learn more about the way you like to edit videos and the way you like to store your projects, you'll basically wanna come in here and update it with certain information. So right here, can see it says, okay.
[02:35:08] I will add that rule into the agents dot m d so that in the future, I'll stop the Whisper setup, which is that local thing that talked about. Now nothing's wrong with Whisper. It's just slower. And so Eleven Labs, yeah, you have to pay for it, but it's much quicker, and I like that speed. And it's not that expensive.
[02:35:22] So now our dot e n v has a placeholder for the Eleven Labs API key. So what you're gonna wanna do is just paste in your Eleven Labs API key right inside of here. And by the way, if it's not letting you paste or type anything in here, which it should, but if it doesn't, then you can just go into here and click on open in default app. And for me, that opens up in my notes. I can paste in the API key, hit save, and then as you can see, it's going to refresh live right inside of here.
[02:35:45] Alright. So at this point, we have enough information in here to actually be able to use hyperframes. So I'm not going to use my skills that I mentioned that I showed all of these examples where I use my skills. I'm not gonna use these right now because I just wanna show you what this kind of looks like at its core. But don't forget that you can definitely grab those skills and come in here and make these things better.
[02:36:03] And so one thing that you can do is you can give it a video file and just say, hey. Edit this for me. You know, add motion graphics. Make it tell a story, blah blah blah. Or you can be very specific, which is what I'm going to do for this specific example.
[02:36:15] So let me pull up the video that we're gonna be working with. It's right here. It's called edit intro. So let me actually open this up, and we'll give it a quick watch. This increase with just my natural language.
[02:36:22] I can get all these crazy motion graphs right here, and I can all these insane animations over here as well. I can sometimes appear at the bottom like you see. I take my face. I can put in the bottom right corner. Okay.
[02:36:29] Anyway, so now you see that I'm basically planning out what I want to happen as it's happening. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to grab the file path of my video. I'm gonna come back into here. I'm gonna do a slash goal prompt for this, which basically just means that I'm setting a goal and it's gonna keep pursuing until it hits that goal.
[02:36:48] I'm gonna paste in the file path of that video, and I'm just gonna start instructing what I want to happen when I want it to happen. But first, have to set up the loop of transcribing, cutting, planning the beats, and then it's going to go ahead and get to work. But instead of planning the beats, I'm kind of directing this a little bit more. So this is kind of like plan slash accept beats. But, anyways, let me show you what this is gonna look like as I instruct this thing.
[02:37:12] So I just dropped in a video for you. This is going to be an intro. So I need you to help me turn this into a super premium and polished edited video. So the first thing you need to do is I want you to transcribe the video because we need all of the beats and all of the motion graphics to sync exactly when I say them. And then I need you to cut out anything if there's mistakes or if there's, you know, silence.
[02:37:34] There shouldn't really be like a second or a half second of silence. I want this to feel fast paced. After you've done those two things, it's time to start actually animating this video. So let me tell you what I'm looking for when it comes to the animations. So I start off this intro by saying something like, isn't it crazy that I can use just my natural language to get all these crazy motion graphics fixed over here and all these crazy animations over here?
[02:37:54] What I want to happen then is I want this whole vibe of this video to be very, very, like, Apple style motion design. So, like, liquid glass, clean animations, and they feel very professional. So when I say motion graphics over here, I believe that my hand was on, it was pointing to the left side of the screen. So on the left third of the screen, I want them from top down, sort of like my hands are creating these motion graphics. I want them to come into screen and just make them, you know, against, like, some sort of liquid glass card where we see three different types of motion graphics, maybe like cards and documents moving around or, laptop screens and charts and elements that are being, like, animated and things like that.
[02:38:37] Just make things over here that are impressive and that tell a visual story. And then similarly, when I go into the insane animations over here as well, that's on the right side of the screen. So same thing. I want them to come in from top down like I'm drawing them in. I want these to be three d.
[02:38:51] So I want these to be against some sort of maybe a little overlay in the back so that we can see them against the background just like a subtle dark overlay. And these should be three d. So, they should maybe look like they're spinning. They should have shadows. They should have depth.
[02:39:05] And these can just be three d like letters or three d animations and, I don't know, like symbols that are moving. Just make these, you know, subtle and professional, but they should certainly give some sort of like wow factor. And for those two beats, I want them to stay on the screen while I'm talking about them, and then I want them to leave the screen or sort of, like, fade away at the same moment. So the motion graphics on the left come in first, animations on the right come in second, and then they leave the screen at the same time. The next section is pretty simple.
[02:39:34] When I say I can have subtitles appearing at the bottom as you see, I just want a super, super clean overlay at the bottom of the screen with subtitles. They shouldn't cover, my face, so they should be sort of near the lower third. And if you could just have the words, like, subtly highlighted with maybe, like, the words are white, but they're highlighted in blue when I'm actually saying them. So make sure they're synced exactly to the transcript when I'm saying them. Now in the next section, I go on to say
[02:40:00] You know, I can take my face, and I can move it to the bottom right corner or, the top left. And what I want you to do for that is I want you to take my face cam and sort of shrink it into, a, a vertical rounded crop. So you kind of just bring in the left and right sides to keep me centered, and you make it rounded crop with a drop shadow, and you put it against this background, which is the full screen background. And so here what I'm doing is I just paste it in this picture, which I like to use as my background in some YouTube videos. And I want you to make that background 50% opacity, so it's a little bit darker.
[02:40:33] And then for the next part, when I say I can play you guys these, clips from my YouTube videos, I want you to go to my YouTube video directory locally, which I'll give you the file path to. So I will just copy in this file path real quick. Right there. What I want you to do is just grab a few of my most recent videos, maybe like four or six, and I want you to sort of fan them out. Like, animate the process of you fanning them out and have these be three d with, a little bit of a drop shadow, and they're sort of, like, rotating and swiveling back and forth just to create a really cool effect.
[02:41:02] But I want them to actually be playing throughout. I don't want them to just be static images of the videos. I want you to just play it. You know, all of them are sort of actually playing at the same time. And then to end off the video, what I want you to do is basically against that background I gave you, if you could bring my main face cam, sort of align it on the left side of the screen, but make it bigger so it kind of touches the top and bottom of the screen.
[02:41:23] But we should still see the rounded crop and the drop shadow. And then on the right side of the screen, we can just have some other text and other motion graphics that tell a story based on what I'm saying. So, like, you know, you don't have to be technical. You don't have to have used codex before. You don't have to have a video editing background.
[02:41:38] If you could just make little icons and animate them in a fun way to tell that story. And then at the end, you know, it says, like, hey. I don't wanna waste any time. It just gets right straight into the video. Do the exact same thing there, and that's gonna pretty much be the end of this intro.
[02:41:51] After you have then done all of that, I just want you to make sure it looks good. I want you to sort of, like, verify it by taking some screenshots and looking through, making sure that the beats actually sync to the text that I'm reading out, and make sure that, everything's in bounds and everything looks professional, and it's giving off the quality that you want it to. I'm not looking for a POC or a version one. I'm looking for a finished product ready to go here. Oof.
[02:42:14] Out of breath a little bit. So that was a massive prompt. Right? That was me being super, super specific about what I'm actually looking for here. And that's kind of what this looks like to start.
[02:42:22] The way that I got to all of these skills that I now use for YouTube videos, lessons, reels, ads is because I did that so many times. And now if you get an output here that you really, really like, you say, cool. That was awesome. Turn that into a skill. And the next time, you don't have to give such a big prompt.
[02:42:37] You basically just say, hey. Edit this video. Use this skill. And then when it comes back, if you have feedback, say, hey. I didn't like this.
[02:42:43] Make sure you do this next time, and then update the skill too. So what I just did is really the hardest it'll ever be, and then it's always just about iterating on those skills. So just gonna go ahead and let this cook a little bit. I will check-in with you guys when this one comes back with the first version, and, hopefully, it's what you saw in the beginning of this video. Okay.
[02:42:59] So I have not yet watched this, but you can see that this went from the original being, what was this, a little over a minute, a minute and five seconds to now being cut down to twenty eight seconds. Let's go ahead and give this a watch and see how this looks. Isn't it crazy that with just my natural language, I can get all of these crazy motion graphics right here, and I can get all of these insane animations over here as well? I can have subtitles appearing at the bottom like you see. I can take my face, and I can put it in the bottom right corner, or I can bring it up to the top left corner.
[02:43:26] And I can even play you guys clips of a bunch of my different YouTube videos right here in this sort of three d fashion. So by the end of this video, you will know exactly how to actually do this even if you've never really used codecs before or you've never edited videos before. So I don't wanna waste any of your time. Let's just get straight into this video. Okay.
[02:43:42] Not bad. Not bad for a first pass. You can see how my very specific prompting obviously benefited us here. I think that these look good. Right?
[02:43:49] Like, we get some three d animations. We get some motion graphics. I like it. I think that's a good way to start. I do think maybe we need something more in the first two seconds.
[02:43:57] Yeah. I think we should add something right there in the first two seconds just to make it more engaging. But the other thing I noticed is right here. It's playing videos, which is good, but they're, like, interlapping with each other. Right?
[02:44:06] So they it's not realistic. What we need to do is make this feel more legit. And, also, I wanna make this text bigger. I don't think that text is big enough, and I think this looks fine. This is all simple.
[02:44:16] Nice little animation as well. Basically, that's my feedback. So let us shoot off prompt number two. I'm gonna once again do another slash goal prompt. Awesome.
[02:44:24] So, I mean, that was eighteen minutes. That was a really good first pass, but let's do another version here. What I want is a couple things. First of all, in the first two seconds, I want you to get creative here. Do something that feels on brand to make the first two seconds more engaging.
[02:44:42] I'm not sure I want, like, a full screen cutaway, and I don't want anything that's going to lay on top of my face. But, you know, I start off the video by, like, isn't it crazy that with just my natural language, some sort of animation, some sort of motion graphic. Make that a little bit more emotional. Just do something right away to sort of, like, hook the viewer in. Now besides that, the only other changes I need are in the part where you show my YouTube videos.
[02:45:06] You show the four. I like how these look. Like, they're three d, and they have depth. But if you could make this more realistic because they clearly are, like, cutting through each other. Almost like, it's not realistic.
[02:45:19] We need this to be more like, the physics of it need to feel better. So if you could just maybe make them thicker and make sure that they're they're fanned out behind each other rather than, like, cutting through each other, that would be great. And then the text on that screen, it says, like, your videos or something. If you could just make that larger because that text was pretty small. I want it to be bigger and easier to read.
[02:45:38] But besides that, everything else I thought looked really good, it matched the transcripts really well also. So make those changes, please, and then let me know when you're done. So that is prompt number two going off as another goal. And you can see that this is the actual hyper frame studio that it created for us. This is at a 107.
[02:45:55] Let's just reset that. And what's cool is I can literally move things in here. So I can actually take this element, and I could increase the text size over here. I think fonts, this is where I would do it. I could change this to, what, like, 80 and see how that looks.
[02:46:07] So it would reload, and now I can just sort of manipulate this stuff right from here, which is pretty cool. You know, you can move stuff around, and, you can see there's even different elements for the actual, like, three d scene and the actual video inside. So I'm not gonna mess with that right now. I honestly don't use that interface too much. But if you're editing a really long video, let's say it's, a ten minute video, and you just wanna be able to, like, tweak one thing really subtly, it's probably easier to come in here, make a little tweak, like, move this over, and then export it rather than having to do the prompts layer So it's really nice that hyperframes gives you this local host environment as well.
[02:46:38] But for something as simple as what we're doing, I just wanted to shoot off another natural language prompt. So I will check-in with you guys once this one has finished up. Alright. So that took ten minutes now, and v two has come back. Let me go ahead and open this up full screen, and we'll give it a watch.
[02:46:50] Isn't it crazy that with just my natural language, I can get all of these crazy motion graphics right here, and I can get all of these insane animations over here as well? I can have subtitles appearing at the bottom like you see. I can take my face, and I can put it in the bottom right corner, or I can bring it up to the top left corner. I can even play you guys clips of a bunch of my different YouTube videos right here in this sort of three d fashion. Okay.
[02:47:10] So this was much better. The text got larger and this feels more three d, and it also just feels like, you know, it just looks better. And so right here, this is pretty much the only section where I didn't tell it exactly what I wanted, and this is what it came up with. I don't honestly love it, but for now, I'm just gonna keep it in because I told it I didn't want a full screen takeaway, which would have meant it created its own animation to be the full screen. But, actually, let's just see what that would look like if I just shoot off that quick prompts real quick and say, awesome.
[02:47:35] Now can you create me one more version where in the first two seconds before you cut into, like, the motion graphs and everything, let's see what this would look like if you did a full screen takeaway. So it would be the full screen is animated against some sort of, you know, background that feels on brand with the rest of the intro. And maybe the text sort of comes in in an animated way that says, isn't it crazy? So, anyway, I just gonna shoot that off. This really shouldn't take long at all.
[02:47:58] But just to show you guys that it can also do things like, you know, a full screen cutaway and animate it in that way too. So I'll show you guys that in just a sec. Alright. So that one came back and it's done, and I have a feeling that it's basically just gonna be super simple right here. I'll play it from this interface.
[02:48:11] Isn't it crazy that with just my natural language, I can get all of these crazy motion graphics right here, and I can get all of these cool. So that is looking good. We can see basically all this did was just add some very simple animated text that came in here. It had a little bit of layering as well with these little liquid glass looking cards, it and kept the background consistent to what we actually use later over here. So I thought that's pretty good.
[02:48:31] But, anyways, guys, at this point, we've set up the project. You've set up something to transcribe if you decided to use Eleven Labs, and you understand now the loop that we actually go through in order to do all this. I didn't dive too much into this actual interface and how you control it, but like I said, it's very, intuitive once you get in here, and it's a nice touch by hyperframes. So don't forget if you wanna get the student kit that has all of the skills that you need to build these sorts of reels and videos, you can download this for completely free by going to my free school community. Link is in the description.
[02:48:55] You'll go to classroom and click on AI skills, and it will be in there. Okay. So now that you have a really good understanding, at least I assume, of how Codex works when you're in it and you're sitting at your desk and you wanna drive automations and drive, you know, skills and different sessions like that. But what if you wanna build automations that run without you being there at all? And I know we've talked a little bit about scheduled automations, but what if you wanna build things that live somewhere else?