[00:01:02] So we're gonna go ahead and get started with installation. You're gonna open up Google, and you're gonna type in Claude code. Wait a minute. That was so three months ago. No.
[00:01:09] I'm just kidding. But it is funny how ChatGPT also pops up right here. So you're gonna type in ChatGPT or Codex. I'll show you what that looks like. I will just type in Codex install, and then you see right here ChatGPT Codex because Codex is a product of OpenAI and ChatGPT.
[00:01:22] So this is what it looks like. What you're gonna wanna do is just download this for your operating system. So right here, I would click on download for Windows, and then I would go through the installer to get the Codex desktop app. Now this actually will be called the ChatGPT desktop app, but we're gonna be using Codex. Now if you do use Versus Code already or you use cursor or something like that and you'd rather run Codex through the IDE extension or through the CLI, then you certainly can do that.
[00:01:42] But I love the desktop app. I think that they're bringing it in really, really nicely with their browser use and their sites and routines and everything like that. And the rest of this course, we're gonna be using the Codex desktop app. So if you want it to all look the same, then just go ahead and download the app real quick. Now once you're inside here, it's going to look like this.
[00:01:57] You're gonna have two different tabs up top right away. You'll see chat and work. But then on the left hand side, you will switch over here from ChatGPT, which is chat and work, to Codex. If you do have a ChatGPT subscription already, like you're paying $20 a month or a 100 to 200, that's the same exact subscription. So you won't have to make a new account.
[00:02:13] But if you are currently on a completely free account for OpenAI or for ChatGPT, then I would at least get on the $20 a month plan right now. If And you start to blow through your usage, then just go ahead and upgrade. Because the way that this works is you can see in the bottom left, you can see that I have 94% left, and I'm currently on the $200 a month plan for Codex. And so if I use this up within the week, then I would just basically have to wait till it resets, or I could pay per usage API billing, which is just a little bit more expensive than being on the subscription. The subscription of Codex actually gets you about $14,000 of inference if you use the entire subscription.
[00:02:44] So it's it's really, really cheap for being on the subscription. $200 a month, and I'm getting about $14,000 of usage out of it. And I know that $200 a month or a $100 a month may seem expensive relative to subscriptions, but we're not paying for Netflix here. We're not paying for entertainment. We're paying for productivity.
[00:02:59] We're essentially treating this as the cheapest hire you will ever make. $200 a month for the output that multiple hires would give you if you start to use it right, which is why you're investing time in this course right here. Anyways, before we get into this, I wanted to address one question, which is okay. Why would I use Codex over something like work? Because work is kind of marketed as, like, for knowledge work, for nontechnical people, blah blah blah.
[00:03:20] I think it's good that they're doing that, but, ultimately, it's one of those things where codecs can do everything that work can do, and it can do more. So why would you not just invest the time learning codecs? Because it's basically the same. But then one day, you might need some of the extended functionality that codex has, and you can just do it right there because you've already learned codex. I'm not technical at all.
[00:03:38] I don't know how to write code, but I've been able to do some very, very incredible things with codex and with Cloud Code and tools like that all with my natural language. In this entire course, you're gonna see, it's literally just natural language. There's just a few things that you need to understand in order to get the most out of it. So if you're just starting or if you've been using work for a while, just trust me. Go ahead and switch over to Codex.
[00:03:55] You're gonna thank yourself one day, and then trust me, it's not anything more difficult or intimidating at all compared to work. You're just getting more power. Awesome. So now that that's out of the way, there's a lot of things that we're gonna be looking at in this app, and I don't wanna just run you through in a really boring way and click on every single thing and explain what it means. I'm gonna basically be doing that throughout this entire course as we get familiar with everything.
[00:04:14] So the first thing that I actually wanna do is kind of start with, a 30,000 foot view of everything that's possible in Codex and how simple it all is when we really bring it together. So we're gonna start with me explaining to you all of the core concepts that you actually need to know in order to use Codex and in order to understand what it can do, and I'm gonna explain this stuff extremely simply with some examples. So let's hop into this next segment. Today, I'm going over the 18 core Codex concepts that you actually need to know in order to start using it right away and getting value from it. It doesn't matter if you're not technical at all or you've never used Codex before.