[01:40:58] So if if I ever say, hey. Make me a picture. Make me a thumbnail, blah blah blah. It can do it from here, which is amazing. And I really think OpenAI's image model is the best right now.
[01:41:05] But what it can't do right now is generate video, or it can't use other AI models. If you wanted to do a different you know, maybe Gemini's model is really good, nano banana. Or maybe you wanna do, like, a Cdance video or a cling video. Well, let me talk about next, how can you connect Codex to a different tool that will let you generate images and videos with tons of different models. So let's jump into the next segment.
[01:41:26] One of the great things about Codex is that right inside of it, it can make images for you. As you can see right here, I gave it these three images, and I said, hey. I need a YouTube thumbnail. I described what I want, and then I got it right here. But if I asked it to turn this into an animated video, it wouldn't be able to do it with its native capabilities.
[01:41:40] It would have to find some other form. It would have to build code. Like, here, it wants to use hyperframes. So, typically, what you do is you connect it to something like Higgs field that has a bunch of video and image models like Cdance 2.5 and all of these other ones like Clang and OmniFlash and MiniMax. The problem with Higgs Field was that it was way more expensive because you had to get on a subscription.
[01:41:59] If we look at the monthly, if you wanted to use Cdance 2.5, you had to be on a $60 a month plan, and you still had a limited number of credits. But Higgs Field just actually dropped an API, which means that you can actually just pay per usage. Meaning, you can connect codecs to Higgs Field API, and then you're not actually paying every single month. You're only paying for the times that you actually make requests. So today, I'm just gonna show you real quick how easy this is to set up, so let's get right into it.
[01:42:22] So this is a completely separate account. What you're gonna do is you're going to go to Google, and you're gonna type in Higgs field API, and then you're pretty much gonna click on this first link right here. And it's gonna take you to this API dashboard where you'll be able to create your own key and create your own account. And when you sign up, you're gonna get a ton of discounts because they just dropped this, which is 15% off sale models up to 50% off your favorites, and you get $15 right away in your account to play with. So create an account.
[01:42:46] And then when you're inside of that, it's gonna look like this. What you're gonna wanna do is you're going to go to either the quick start on this right hand side, and you can copy this prompt if you want, but you don't have to. It's it's a lot easier than that. But you do have to make an API key. So you'll click on create API key.
[01:42:59] You'll type in a name. So I'll just call this one demo, and you'll create your key. And then all you have to do is copy this key right here and then hop into Codex, and I'll show you what to do next. Real quick before we hop into Codex, I just wanted to show you guys how to make sure you take full advantage of this launch because this is a seven day limited offer. So these things up here that we see, 15% off all sale models.
[01:43:18] That is just when you sign up, you'll already have that discount. In order to get up to 50% off your picks, you have to come into the pricing section, and it says choose three models with max discount up to 50% off. And then you would just come in here and choose two video models and one image model. And you can see all of the prices over here as you can see with 30% off. We would be getting it for this price compared to the original current price.
[01:43:39] And then the last one is getting 15 free dollars to play with on your account. All you have to do here is connect a credit card and use an eligible business domain email. And then once you've claimed all of that stuff, you now have that API key. You now have everything set up, and you can run 30 generations at a time. So let's hop back into Codex, and I can show you how to get this all set up.
[01:43:56] So you're gonna open up a new chat, and you're just gonna say, hey. Inside of my dot ENV file, can you just create me a placeholder for Higgs field API? I'm gonna drop you in an Higgs field API key, and then you can just figure out how that all works so we can start running some image and video generations. And then just shoot that off, and it will tell you exactly where to paste in your key. You don't wanna paste it right here into the chat thread.
[01:44:16] You wanna paste it into the dot ENV file. So you can see I already have that in there. So it says, hey. That already exists. But if it doesn't, it'll give you a placeholder.
[01:44:23] And then all you have to do is ask for the file path so you can actually open this up. So I could right click this, go to open with, and I can just open this with whatever I want. I'll choose default app. That opens up my notes where I can go ahead and see right here it added Higgs field API key, and then you will just go ahead and paste in your API key right there. And then make sure you save that before you close out of it, and then just go, okay.
[01:44:41] Cool. I put in that API key. Can you see what models are available for me through that Higgs field API? And then just go ahead and shoot off a test video generation where there is a man sitting at a laptop using Higgs field and using codex to generate videos. But you guys don't have to worry about that at all because I have this skill right here called Higgs field API generations, and it has all these defaults in here.
[01:45:03] It has all of the settings. It has all of the different things that you might need or you would have your agent have to normally go out and do research on. Everything's right here. So, basically, all you have to do is you've put in your Higgs field API key into your dot ENV. And now you can see it's basically gonna use that whenever you need an image or a video, and it knows exactly how to work with Higgs field API.
[01:45:20] It knows about all of the different functionality and options that it has in there. And now it's just generating me a bunch of different images and videos that you can see right here on screen with just using natural language. So pretty cool stuff. If you wanna grab this skill, it's completely free in my free school community. Link for that is down in the description.
[01:45:34] Just head into the free school community. You're going to go to classroom and click on all YouTube resources, and there will be a huge database with a bunch of resources. You should be able to find it right in there. And that skill is also gonna tell you exactly how much each of your generations cost you so that you don't have to be constantly going back into your Higgs field dashboard to look at the analytics. You will just get that right there in your chat thread.
[01:45:53] So while that's running, I'll just go over here and show you real quick what actually this stuff can look like. So we have Higgs field API benchmark out of all of these videos that I generated. So I'll show you each one, like, how much it costed or sorry. Cost. My goodness.
[01:46:06] How dare I? You can see that the total spend for these was $7.40, and we were using models like c dance two point five. And once again, this would have been only available to us on a $60 a month plan. Then And you're just sitting there paying $60 a month even if you don't generate anything that month. So, anyways, we have some video outputs here.
[01:46:23] You can see this is Cdance 2.5. This one has no audio, but you can generate these with audio as well. So that's a super, super clean shot. Same exact prompt went off to cling three point o. And this one has I don't know.
[01:46:34] Those letters look a little bit different compared to that image, but they have similar sort of, like, background. The letters in this one are also off. So it's really good to get in here and shoot off the same prompt to a bunch of different AI models and see which one comes back best. In this case, Nova came through only as Nova in c dense two by five. So in this case, it was the best.
[01:46:53] But, of course, with c dense two by five, you are gonna be paying a little bit more, but once again, it's only pay per usage. So here, this one was $1.6. One was only about 20¢, and this one was only about 50¢. But they also can generate sound. So let me play you guys a few examples of some UGC content, and we'll take a look at the cost as well.
[01:47:11] I used to skip breakfast. Now I grab Nova protein coffee. 20 grams of protein, real coffee, and I'm out the door. So this was Cdance two point five, and it was $3.23. Here is Cling three point o.
[01:47:27] I used to skip breakfast. Now I grab Nova protein coffee. 20 grams of protein, real coffee, and I'm out the door. And as far as realism, I think cling three point o did a really, really good job here with this character, you know, selfie style UGC for only 60¢. Whereas this one, you wouldn't say, I don't know.
[01:47:46] It's like, it's not noticeably better as far as, like, makes a huge difference. But in general, I mean, CDN 2.5 is, in my opinion, the leading video generation model right here. But we also have mini max, and this one was a dollar and 10¢. I used to skip breakfast. Now I grab Nova protein coffee.
[01:48:03] 20 grams of protein, real coffee. Anyways, I think that this one was clearly the worst out of just these three very, very simple videos. But it's important, like I said, shoot off the same prompts with different models, see how the cost differs, see how the quality differs, see what they're good at. Because Cdance two point five might be the best at, like, people and product shots, but maybe MiniMax or Kling is better at different sort of, like, cartoon animations or something like that. And then, of course, you can use codex image generation.
[01:48:28] GBT image 2.5 is really, really good. It's probably my favorite, but there are also other image models you can try out, like Hicksfield Marketing Studio here or Grok Imagine two point o, Sol two point o, and these are obviously much cheaper than generating videos. But I did take this exact same prompt and put it into Codex, and this is what we got here. So if you like this better, then maybe you wanna just stick with GBT 2.5. And then you also have the benefit of this just counting towards your codec subscription or your ChatGPT subscription rather than paying separately per usage for that.
[01:48:58] Anyways, hopping back here into codecs. What's cool about this is codecs will go ahead and do all the research. So you don't have to think about the API endpoints. You don't have to give it anything else. You just tell it to figure it all out, and it will.
[01:49:08] And so that's why back in here, you can copy this prompt if you want, or you can just say, like, figure it out. Because you can see this prompt is literally pointing it to the actual Higgs field API documentation. You can see it says your key authenticated successfully. The live catalog returned 76 endpoints. 18 are text to video, 44 are image to video, 11 are text to image, and plus there's a few other routes.
[01:49:28] And it's gonna use Cdance two point o for this first run. The request was accepted with this ID, and now it's basically just gonna keep polling on that request until the generation is done. And pulling just means it's gonna check-in, and then if it's not done, it's gonna wait. And it's gonna check-in again. If it's not done, it's gonna wait.
[01:49:42] And it's gonna keep pulling or checking until that video is actually done, and then it will download the m p four locally. So while this is finishing up, let me just show you what else is available inside of the Hakesfield API. If you go to pricing right now, it says that you can get up to 50% off. And this is only for the next seven days. So if you're watching this early, go here and you can
[01:50:00] Choose two video and one image models to get 50% off on. So you'll literally just come in here, and it will say, hey. What are your models you wanna choose? I personally chose Sea Dance 2.5 and Cling three point o. And then for the image model, I chose the marketing studio image.
[01:50:13] But But then you can just go ahead and look at all of the models in here, and you can see the different modes that they run-in, like standard or turbo or, you know, four k, whatever it is. And you can see all of the information about all these different types of models and their pricing. And then the analytics will basically just show you how much you've spent, what is your request looking like, what are the models you like to use, and things like that. So just a pretty little analytics dashboard for you. But you can see we have this video back.
[01:50:36] Now this is already looking a little bit weird with c dense two point o because the laptop is facing the wrong way, but let's give this a quick play. I'm really not quite sure if anybody uses a laptop like that, but either way, this was Cdance two point o, and there is a better model out there now. But what's important to realize is that the model isn't just gonna run perfectly for you. You have to be able to prompt it in the right way, and you will start to build skills around how you like to prompt image generations and video generations. And that's where this gets really powerful is when you work in all of these different skills, and you can add things too, like your brand guidelines or a consistent character that you wanna have.
[01:51:12] And then over time, your ability to just, inside of Codex, generate these different videos and image assets is going to get better and better. Now I did wanna end off this video talking about, is this actually cheaper? And the answer is yes and no. It all depends on the breakeven point. Because now that you're being charged per usage rather than based on your credits that reset every month, there's a breakeven point.
[01:51:32] And if you're paying per usage to the point where you're going over that breakeven point, then this is probably where you'd want to be on a subscription. But if you're only infrequently generating videos and images on a monthly basis and you're below that breakeven point, then it's much cheaper obviously to be on the pay per usage billing. Especially when you're trying to figure out, like, what is your cadence, then starting with pay per usage is a lot safer than just committing to a monthly subscription. And so I've run the math here. And on the plus and ultra plans within Hicksfield, this is what it would kind of look like as far as those breakeven points.
[01:52:05] So if you're on the plus monthly, it's about fewer than 19 clips. And if you're on the plus annual, then it's roughly 16 clips. And if you're below that, then the API makes more sense. If you're on ultra, it looks like 50 on monthly or 39 on annual. So, ultimately, these are the three kind of questions I wanted to answer here.
[01:52:22] If you're maxing out your subscription plan every single month consistently, then you probably just wanna stay on a subscription. If you're only generating things occasionally, like maybe some months you'll run, you know, 15 videos, some months you won't do any at all, then API will win. And if you need programmatic workflows or you wanna bake this API into your own, I don't know, your own website or SaaS product or your own internal tools or whatever it is, then the API is going to win there as well. So it's always hard in the AI space or in the tech space to just come out of the gate and say, yes. This is objectively cheaper or, This is objectively better.
[01:52:50] It's always very situational. So hopefully, this all kind of makes sense, and you can kinda use this to figure out in your specific situation what is probably the right path for you. And what's really cool is when you get all that dialed in, you can do all of this in bulk. We've So actually done things where we've generated assets for, like, our events or for, you know, ads or whatever it is. And we basically just use Codex or Claude to help us brainstorm all the briefs and all the angles.
[01:53:11] And then we just shoot off a bunch of workers to generate all those assets. And then you wake up and everything is done. Now what's really cool is what you can actually do with Codex as far as building websites when you actually have learned how to generate other videos and other images to put on those websites. So we're gonna hop into this next section where I kind of show you guys what's possible with Astra and with Codex when it comes to designing things like websites. We have a new AI design king, and it's not even close.