[01:01:10] So let's get into this next section where I teach you guys how to build skills better than basically anyone out there. And this is my proven skill building and skill using method. So let's hop right in. Today, I've got this proven six step process for building codex skills better than 99% of people. So let's not waste any time and just get straight into this one.
[01:01:26] Alright. So these are the six steps that I'm gonna go over. I'm gonna explain each of these and tell you why they're so important, and then we're gonna get into codex and actually try some of the stuff out. And real quick before we get started, I'm gonna talk about what actually is a skill. So if you already know what a skill is, then just go ahead and skip past this part.
[01:01:39] But for those of you who need a refresher, here we go. So I'm gonna use my chocolate chip pancake analogy. Let's say we have this chef, and this chef makes the most amazing chocolate chip pancakes, and you wanna know how to make those. This is essentially the output that you're looking for. The way that you would be able to copy this chef is by looking at the recipe that the chef used or the recipe that the chef made.
[01:01:57] So the chef gives you the recipe. This is you. And now you're able to pretty much make the exact same output, the really, you know, popular famous chocolate chip pancakes because you follow the recipe. So this recipe is basically the skill. This is essentially the skill dot m d file, which means a markdown file.
[01:02:13] It's just a simple language. It just means that inside of the skill file, are, like, pound signs and asterisks to indicate, like, bullet points and headers and things like that. So it's it's just natural language. But then the agent is basically able to take the skill file and just use it. So that if you say, hey, mister AI agent, you know, make me those chocolate chip pancakes, it wouldn't have to be like, okay.
[01:02:32] Well, let me just do some research on how to make them, and I don't know exactly what kind of pancakes Nate wants. I don't know how big they should be. So what I'll do is I'll just follow this skill. I'll follow the recipe, and now I get the same output that Nate's looking for, and I get it consistently the same every single time because it's all documented for me right here. And these can be really simple.
[01:02:48] It can be a simple prompts like, hey. You know, help me turn this email into something that's more professional or something that sounds like me. And maybe that's like my Nate email skill. But it could also be complicated processes like doing research on the market and analyzing, you know, 50 stocks and telling you which one to buy. So, really, it's whenever you wanna basically, like, codify some sort of process that you do and so that you can delegate that process to an agent.
[01:03:10] And then you turn it into a skill, and now your agent can use those skills. Alright. So now that that is out of the way, let's start with number one up here where we have reverse engineer. So the whole idea with reverse engineering your skills is basically that you want to start with an output. You wanna start with what is the definition of done.
[01:03:28] What are you actually looking for? Because let's say you ask your agent here for chicken, for example, and you actually want, like, chicken Parmesan on a bed of pasta. But because you just said chicken, the agent might interpret that a little bit differently and make you a chicken sandwich. And then next time you ask for chicken, it might make you, you know, chicken thighs. It doesn't actually know specifically what you want.
[01:03:48] So if you start with an output and you have, you know, essentially this chicken Parmesan and you say, okay. Let's reverse engineer this food and see what went into it, how long we cooked it, how did we get here, and that's how you build the recipe. So for example, if you wanted to build a skill for the end of the week report, you've got certain columns in your Excel sheet. You've got certain calculations that were made. It's way easier to give the agent that Excel sheet to give it the final deliverable and say, hey.
[01:04:12] This is an output that is really good, and this is what I want to build a skill for so that you understand how to take some raw input and turn it into this output that I have already told you that I like, and this is what we're looking for every time. And then it can basically walk you backwards through that process. Okay. What data did you look at? Where did you get it from?
[01:04:28] How did you calculate it? Where did you format it? You answer those questions, and then you have a version of a skill that already knows sort of like the north star that it's building towards. I think it's so much easier to run the process, get the output, and say, okay. Let's turn that into a skill rather than saying, hey.
[01:04:42] Build me a skill for building a YouTube dashboard. And then you might have this vision, and your agent might have a completely different vision. And then you're gonna get frustrated when it delivers you a chicken sandwich and you actually wanted chicken parm. Now remember, all of these concepts I'm gonna, you know, bring back together when we actually hop into Codex and I show you some stuff, but let's just keep moving down the list because I think this foundation is important. So number two, we have one specific job and one specific trigger.
[01:05:05] So remember how I said that these skills are markdown files, skill dot m d. What happens in the skill dot m d is you've got a YAML description. It's called YAML front matter. And then you've got the actual skill instructions, which is the meat of the skill. So right here is one of the skills that I'm gonna keep coming back to in this video because it's it's one of my favorite skills.
[01:05:22] And you can see up here this metadata. This is the YAML front matter. So if I view the source, it looks like this. It's actually just separated by these three dashes. So this would be the YAML front matter, and then everything below it would be the actual instructions of the skill.
[01:05:36] Now this is markdown. And when I said markdown is very simple, it is. You can see here are two pound signs, and that just indicates a header. We can see that we've got these little dashes which are bullet points. And so when markdown is actually rendered, it looks more something like this, and you can see it's just formatted better.
[01:05:51] So this is the way that I like to look at it. But if you click on view source inside of the Codex app, you can see the raw markdown file. But, anyways, the metadata up here is the YAML front matter, and that tells us what is the name of the skill and when do you explicitly use it. And there are other fields that can be populated in here. Like, this one, we have a argument hint.
[01:06:07] And, basically, this x article skill is used when I ask my agent to turn an YouTube video into a long form x post. And so sometimes it'll feed in this argument, which is my YouTube video URL that it will take. It will download. It will transcribe it. It will take screenshots of it, all that sort of, you know, all that stuff.
[01:06:25] And then once the agent has basically said, okay. Cool. Nate wants to turn this YouTube video into an x article. So okay. Cool.
[01:06:30] I found this skill that I need to use. Now that I know this is the skill I'm going to invoke, let me read the entire description of the skill now I understand exactly what to actually do. And you can see this skill is pretty long. There's a lot of instructions in here, and this wasn't like me on on one try turning this into a skill. This is probably a skill that's been iterated on 25 or more times, and we'll talk more about that in a bit.
[01:06:51] But the whole idea is that you want a skill to do one very specific job. You don't wanna have a skill that's like run the marketing team. You wanna have a skill that breaks that marketing team, all of those processes into individual steps. So in my book right up here, becoming AI native, I talk about this and I call it the function breakdown. I call it the the tree.
[01:07:08] Basically, your job is a tree, and you've got different trunks with different, like, you know, bullet points in your job description. And then each of those trunks have branches, and each of those branches have ultimately leaves. And you wanna turn all of those little leaves or those little tasks into skills because you can chain skills together over time. But the point being, if you have a skill with one very specific job, you can give it one very specific trigger, which means that your agents are gonna be able to execute them more consistently, invoke them automatically. It just helps you separate out what your agents are doing in a much better way than if you have a skill that's, like, 30 pages long, and it's supposed to do so many different things.
[01:07:41] So think about breaking down processes at the task level and turning each of those tasks into skills. Alright. Moving on to number three, we have thinking about the freedom level. What I mean by this is when you're automating things, you basically have to figure out, is this a deterministic automation or a nondeterministic automation? Basically, is this something that's predictable and we know exactly what comes in and we know exactly what happens and we know exactly what comes out?
[01:08:06] Or is it more of a nondeterministic AI agent? More of a nondeterministic black box where we know sort of what the input's gonna look like. We sort of know what's gonna happen inside the process, but we do kind of know, like, what the output should be. We'd still know the definition of good and the definition of done. You could think about it like, can I automate this using rules?
[01:08:23] Hard rules, hard logic. Is x greater than 10? Is x equal to 500? Or is it something that needs a lot of judgment? Analyze this.
[01:08:31] Turn this into an email. Turn this into a spreadsheet. And it's really important to think about where does your skill live on that spectrum. Because if you have a very deterministic skill, like, for example, it just has to take a Excel sheet, and it just has to populate the cells into the CRM or something. And that's basically just data processing transferring.
[01:08:50] That's a very deterministic process. And if you write the skill in a very nondeterministic way, there's a lot more room for error. There's a lot more room for AI to interpret something wrong and do something wrong. And that's the case where you want the skill to be like, step one, do this. Step two, do this.
[01:09:04] Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Do this. It's very specific.
[01:09:07] But if you've got something nondeterministic, like, for example, my x article skill, we don't wanna be so specific. We want the AI to be able to use its judgment and to be able to use research and thinking to generate a unique output. Because every YouTube video is different, which means every x article is gonna be different, which means all the screenshots that it needs to take are gonna be different. I couldn't say something like screenshot the video at the one minute mark and then the two minute mark and then the five minute mark and put those into the article at line 400, line 600, line 700. Because then the articles would come out feeling generic, and they probably wouldn't even make sense, and it just wouldn't be a very good output.
[01:09:39] So think about the freedom level of the process. And when you're doing this manually, do you follow the same set of instructions every time, or are you constantly using judgment, and are you constantly doing different things within the process to ultimately get to that definition of good? By the way, guys, I've got this completely free SOP for you about getting your first AI automation client. It's gonna go over the exact steps that has been proven for hundreds of
[01:10:00] For AIS Plus members to get their first paid gigs. It goes over the one sentence service pitch that can get you started today, why your first client should cost you money, the five minute video that answers can this person actually deliver before you've actually received any money, what to do when you have zero case studies. There's so many good things in here that are gonna help you out. Even if you already do have clients, I would recommend grabbing this because, I said, it's yours completely free. So if you wanna grab this, there's a link for it down in the description.
[01:10:24] Let's get back to the video. Alright. Moving on to number four. We have verification, and this is probably the most important piece of building skills. So the whole idea of building a skill is that now you can trust that your agent's going to give you an output more consistently that meets your standard.
[01:10:41] What you wanna do in there is you don't wanna be constantly being handed the agent's v one. You wanna be handed an output that's already good to go, that you can give it a quick skim, approve it all, and then shoot it off. And the cool thing about agents building stuff to ultimately achieve some sort of north star is that you can also have agents check its own work, verify its own work, or, you know, other agents verify different agents' work. So every single skill that I build works in some sort of verification loop. Meaning, the agent who builds the thing delivers this output, and then we either have the same agent or different sub agents come in and verify that output and then provide feedback.
[01:11:16] And this verification loop can go on multiple times. Sometimes it's just, hey. Here's the v two and it's approved. Here's the v seven. I've even had agents verify over and over and give me, like, a v 15 or 16.
[01:11:26] And that basically just ensures that your time isn't being wasted verifying and sending feedback when you can have agents do that for you. Now when it comes to verification, there is a difference between objective checks and subjective checks. So let me explain what I mean by that. An objective check is something that can literally be proven, sort of like the nondeterministic versus deterministic thing. Objective means, okay.
[01:11:44] I wanted you to do research, and then the verification was to pull in 500 sources, cut that down to the best 250, and then every single fact that's in the article, I want that to be double checked by second agent. And that's objective. We can literally prove 500 sources cut down to two fifty, every single fact double checked by a different agent. That's objective. That is a rule.
[01:12:04] Does x equal y is a greater than b? But then you have some things that are subjective, like verifying the video. Right? If it's it's creating a video for you or if it's creating a website for you, a lot of these subjective checks are more like, oh, you know, does everything look good? Is everything inbounds?
[01:12:18] Is it loading in a certain way? When you don't have an actual hard metric to align it to, you have to sort of be a little bit more subjective on your verification. And what you're thinking about doing is turning that agent into an LLM as a judge, which basically means, okay. So if AI is going to be applying its approval and it has to use judgment to approve, then how can you tell the agent exactly what you're looking for? What does good typically look like or feel like even though there's not a hard rule?
[01:12:43] So for example, with the x article skill, I've got some objective checks in there. Like, there are 10 screenshots from the video. But then there's other subjective checks like how do you make it flow in a way that makes sense? How do you make it sound like Nate? How do you make sure that the images that are put into the the article, the screenshots are cropped?
[01:13:00] There's other subjective checks that we have to let it do things where it, like, opens up the app and it scrolls through and it reads through and it screenshots and it verifies. But a lot of those checks, like I said, are more subjective. And so that's where iterating on these skills takes a lot of time because you're constantly running the skill, analyzing the output, giving feedback, running the skill again, analyzing the output, giving feedback. And you're basically just, like, training the skill where every single time you use it, it gets better. But the thing about verification is there's always a way.
[01:13:25] You might be thinking yourself, oh, well, I don't really know how I would have agents verify that process. Agents can do anything. They can use your computer. They can use your browser. They can look at things.
[01:13:33] They can listen to things. They can do anything. So just think about it like this. If you assigned that task to a human, what would you do to basically give it the stamp of approval? And then just explain that to the agent, and that's your verification.
[01:13:45] That doesn't mean it's gonna always come out a 100%, but it's gonna be more like 95% rather than giving you something that started off at, like, 75 or 80. Okay. And moving on to number five, we've got walk it down. And when I say walk it down, I mean walking it down the model list. So whether you're using Cloud Code or Codex, we all know that different models have different strengths, and we all know that models that have the strongest strengths are the most expensive.
[01:14:07] So for example, Astra is more expensive than Sol, but more capable than Sol. Sol is more expensive than Terra, but more capable than Terra. So the idea is you build a skill and you're getting this good output, and maybe you were testing that with Astra. Okay. Well, let's run that same skill on Sol.
[01:14:20] Are we getting the same result? If we're getting the same results and it's cheaper, okay. Let's test it on Terra now. Are we getting the same result? Is it cheaper?
[01:14:27] Okay. Let's test it on Luna. There's no reason to be running a skill with Astra if you could run it with Luna and get the exact same output. But it is important to test it because not every skill fits that. I've had some skills where I run them on Haiku or Luna because they're just super simple.
[01:14:40] For example, when I give my agent a YouTube video and I say, hey. I need a YouTube video description and time stamps, that I can do with Luna. And then doing it with Astra is overkill. But for this x article thing, I typically like to use at least Sol or Astra because it just has a better understanding of screenshotting things and putting it in the right spot and cropping it down and even blurring things out. It's so much better with the browser use with Sol and Astra.
[01:15:01] And then once you've landed on a model that you like, you can take that one step further and you can walk it down the effort level. So start it off on maybe high. And if it's not good enough, then move it up a little bit. And if it is good, then move it down to medium. And just keep finding basically the simplest model or the lightest and cheapest model that still executes at the level of quality that you're looking for.
[01:15:20] And then moving on here to number six, we have the bike method, which is I've kind of already alluded it to it multiple times throughout this video so far. But, really, it's just the idea to me that your skill is never done. Every single time you run the skill, you're going to improve it. You're going to say, Here's what I really liked. Here's what I didn't like.
[01:15:35] Update the skill so that next time it's better. Almost every single time I run a skill, I give it feedback and I tell it to update. And if you think about this like you're teaching a kid to ride a bike, that's what a skill really should feel like. You start off very cautious. You're watching everything.
[01:15:48] You're guiding them. You you've got your hand on this the the steering wheel steering wheel. I meant, like, handlebars. And you're you're right there. And then what happens is you give feedback.
[01:15:56] You say, like, okay. That was good, but, you know, you were leaning a bit too far to the left. Make sure your weight's more in the center. And then you keep going. Eventually, you take off the training wheels because the skill's getting better and you're getting more trust in the skill.
[01:16:06] And then you give more feedback again. And then eventually, you take off the elbow pads. Right? And then you keep giving feedback. But that doesn't mean that you just take off the kid's helmet and let them bike on the highway.
[01:16:14] You're not gonna do something reckless like that. You're also not just going to shoot them off down the road and then go inside and take a nap. You're still gonna be in in some way watching or having certain guardrails in place in order to make you feel comfortable and in order for you to have more trust in the actual skill itself. And I truly believe in the idea that there's no such thing as a finished product unless your skill is super, super deterministic, it runs perfect every time, and you don't have to worry about it. But when the skills are more on the judgment side of the spectrum, you know, as we talked about up here, the more your skills live over here, the less I believe that you can actually have a finished skill.
[01:16:45] Because like I said, every time things might happen a little bit differently, and every time your process might change or new models might drop, and you're just constantly gonna be giving feedback every time you use it. Okay. So let's hop into Codex here, and we can take a look at how this actually works. Now when you are inside of your project and if you're inside of your AIOS, which is usually what I'm building in, the Codex skills will live in a folder called the dot agents. And then inside of the dot agents, there's a skill or sorry.
[01:17:09] Not a skill. There's another folder called dot skills. And if you're doing this in Claude code, these skills live in a dot Claude and then in a folder called skills. Now these can be transferable. I basically just tell Codex or Claude, hey.
[01:17:20] See all the skills in there and bring them over here too. So just I have duplicates of them, but that's where they actually live inside of your, project unless you have them at a global level, which just means they're living locally across all of your Codex projects rather than just inside of your iOS. So that's where they live, and you can always just say, hey. You know, Codex, I have the skill. I don't remember where it is because you show me the file path, it will find it.
[01:17:42] And you can move it if you want. But, anyways, that's where they live. And you can see I actually just ran this x article skill on a video. So it says your x article draft is saved. I'll click into it, and I actually did obviously already publish this one, but I didn't even have to change anything.
[01:17:55] I basically just clicked in here. I read it all, and I published it. And you can see that as it's going through, it already formatted everything, and it used the video, of course. It took screenshots of things, and it, like, put them in the right spot to line up with what was actually being said in the article. And it even added this little, I don't know what you wanna call it, like a spotlight.
[01:18:13] It added that. I didn't actually do that, but it will basically crop things out, and it will add things like that into my actual article because I've told it in the skill to do things like that. And you can see that for this specific video, this ran on g b d six Astra. So what I'm gonna do real quick is I'm gonna walk this down. I'm going to give this same prompt to Sol and Tara and tell it to make the x article, and it's gonna use the skill.
[01:18:35] And we'll see how those outputs compare to Astra's output. Because this is a pretty complex skill. It has to transcribe the video. It has to open up the article. It has to make the thumbnail.
[01:18:44] It has to format everything, and it has to screenshot everything and put it in and then actually, like, drag it around. So there's a lot of browser use, and there is a ton of judgment inside of this. Like I said, this is not a deterministic skill. So you can see right now I have Sol, Tara, and Luna all running. It's been about ten minutes, so I'll just check with you guys when this is done.
[01:19:02] But I just wanted to show you how all of them, because of the skill, because of the verification, are viewing images. You can see how many times Luna has viewed these images here because it's taking screenshots and it's trying to understand, okay, which of these should be worked into the article and where and why? Same thing down here with Sol. Obviously, one is a super, super visual heavy sort of skill. But because I've worked that in there, all of them are viewing images no matter what.
[01:19:24] And so it'll be really interesting to see how they decide to place them and, you know, what images they actually choose to put in there because x limits you to a certain amount of images per article. So I'm gonna let these run. We'll compare the results, and we'll kinda talk about how walking it down has changed my perspective on this specific skill. Alright. So you can see now that we have Luna and Tara have finished up.
[01:19:42] Sol is still working. So we'll start reviewing these two, and then we'll hop over to Sol. Hopefully, it'll be done by the time we're looking through these. So Luna took twenty eight minutes and thirty three seconds. Let's open up the draft and see what we are working with.
[01:19:54] So we have, the thumbnail in there. We have I designed a one person million dollar business with Claude.
[01:20:00] The title is the same as, like, the opening line, which I don't love. There's also this weird spacing was right there. I don't know if it tried to, like, center it, but I do notice that. Anyways, we have sort of, the TLDR. We have these different headers here.
[01:20:13] I'm yet to see an image. Here comes the first screenshot. So this is talking about, the three different types of ideas to compare. And in the screenshot, we do see all three, so that matches up pretty well. We see agent report card as well as down here.
[01:20:27] So, really, what I'm checking for right now is that it all sounds like me. So this is kind of trained on, like, my LinkedIn style guide and my YouTube style guide and, like, the way that I speak, but I'm also making sure that the images look good. So the test suite is a golden dataset. We know what the correct answer or correct action should be, and we see an evaluation right here. The first run scored 88.
[01:20:46] That's what we see. Approved the new policy. Same 16 tests. Ran it again. That looks decent.
[01:20:53] I clicked create report, and we don't really see the report here. So that's a little bit off, I would say, but it's not too bad. I'm actually impressed that Luna is doing it this well. This is customer support. This is kind of just the home dashboard.
[01:21:10] And then down here, we see searching for companies using Clay. It did do a nice little spotlight animation here when we're looking at the actual pricing, and then we've got the three p's down here. Okay. So this is not too bad. We'll have to compare, but I would say that I was impressed by Luna's ability to screenshot, add spotlights, put it in the right spot.
[01:21:26] So that is Luna. That also took twenty eight minutes and thirty seconds. Okay. So we have Terra. And by the way, all of these are running on high.
[01:21:33] So we have Terra here. Took twenty six minutes, so about two minutes two and a half minutes faster than Luna. Let's open up this draft, see what we got. So same exact, thumbnail. We have an image right away, how I built a $1,000,000 AI business model with Claude.
[01:21:49] This image isn't great. Like, to start off the article like that, that's not a very strong way to start it off because it looks like it's cut off. Like, that so that's bad. We go through the three filters. Oof.
[01:22:00] I mean, this image doesn't look very good either. I would already say right now that, Luna did a better job. I mean, this isn't a bad also, this is a zoomed in. So it took a screenshot of the video, then it zoomed in on the score going from 88 to 94. So that's not terrible.
[01:22:14] Read complaints, check company fit, recommend small trial. What you'll notice here is it actually if I can open this up, it redacted sensitive details. So it put this block over it and said sensitive details redacted. So I think that that's pretty cool. I like when it does things like that.
[01:22:31] It did a little spotlight effect here. It redacted more sensitive details on this one as you can see. It did it again here. So it's did it again here. It it shows so many times when it needed to redact sensitive details.
[01:22:42] It did it again. It did it again. Okay. But this is obviously an issue. It didn't verify this good enough.
[01:22:46] Like, you can see that there's literally four images in a row down here. This one looks bad. I think that, you know, you you you have to use the browser to, like, drag these around. And I think that it just gave up or it stopped and thought it was done. So so far, I would say that Luna did a better job than Terra.
[01:23:01] And Terra was you know, it's a more capable model apparently than Luna. It's also more expensive. So right now, if I was choosing between these, I would choose Luna. But now SOL just finished up, and SOL took thirty eight minutes. So normally when I do run this, I run this on Astra.
[01:23:13] I've usually run this on Astra low, and I run it on fast mode to get it done faster. But let's see. This did it. Let me open this up. Okay.
[01:23:21] So here is, Sol's version. I built a $1,000,000 business with Claude. We have the same sort of, like, TLDR, the three filters. We have a picture of the three filters right here, so that's not bad. Choosing the product.
[01:23:33] Okay. It zoomed in here. These are all zoomed in, by the way. So it's it's it's using more, I guess, vision intelligence to choose what to actually display in the image. You can see it redacted here the demo receipt, so not too bad.
[01:23:45] It zoomed in a little bit here on the report. Although, we don't see the score 88. What it what it highlighted here was 14 tests pass and two failed instead of showing us the 88. So just pointing that out. It also zoomed in down here on some analysis of that report.
[01:24:00] It did a little spotlight effect here to show the 94. It redacted more of these receipts. It did another spotlight here. It shows sales and support without losing control, so that's not terrible. We've got this customer support image as well.
[01:24:12] We've got more internal source ID redacted, another spotlight effect on the money. And yeah. So this one isn't too bad either. I would say, honestly, like, I'm wondering if Luna's was better. And that's the thing.
[01:24:24] Like, these are so different. And sometimes I have tutorial videos. Sometimes I have more of this style where they're edited. So it's very hard to just say, okay. I've run one test, and I know that now I'm gonna go with Luna instead of, like, Astra or something for for a specific example.
[01:24:36] Now I will tell you guys I've done this multiple times on multiple different YouTube videos, and Astra just seems to be the best. So I do stick with Astra on low. But I do think it's worth running them through a few different examples and and understanding. And that's why I said that there's really no such thing as a finished product, especially the more nondeterministic you get on that whole spectrum. And what you can see about all of these with Luna, it gave us a QA report.
[01:24:57] It gave us a visual plan, and it gave us selected frames. Terra gave us a QA report as well, and Soul gave us a QA report. And like I said, that's the most important part. It's just them proving that they verified stuff. So it verified the title, the body, 76 non empty text blocks, 11 inline screenshots, seven h two headings, visual review and privacy, editorial coverage, artifacts.
[01:25:19] It's proving to me that it's done, and it's proving to me that it did its verification. And trust me, if it didn't do this QA report and it didn't do the verification, this skill would be so much worse as far as actually getting it to place the screenshots in the right spot. So for this specific example of the skill, let me talk about how I did all of these things. I took an article that I did manually, and I did a few of these manually where I literally went through the YouTube video, screenshot of things, put it in the right spot, and I gave it some of those to look at. So first was like, hey.
[01:25:43] Analyze all these outputs. I wanna turn this into a skill. So help me understand, like, what's good about these and and how do you choose the screenshots and how do you place them and things like that. So I reverse engineered. And then, obviously, this is one very specific job.
[01:25:55] It was to turn a YouTube video into an x article. It's not just to write x articles in general. We've got I've got a different skill for that. This is literally to turn a YouTube video into an x article, which means the trigger is very specific as well. So here, all I said was turn this YouTube video into an x article, and it automatically was able to invoke the x article skill as you can see.
[01:26:12] But if I wanted to do a slash command and do x article, I can invoke the skill like that as well. But, typically, if I say, hey. I want this YouTube video to be turned into an x article, it just invokes the skill automatically because it's one specific use case and it's one specific trigger. We talked about the freedom level in here a lot. This is obviously a super, super nondeterministic process.
[01:26:29] We talked about the verification. We did the walking it down live. And as far as the bike method, like I said, guys, I would basically come into here, and I would look at what Tara did that I didn't like. And I'd basically be like, okay, Tara. So in your article, you had some really weird screenshots in the beginning.
[01:26:43] It looks like things were cropped out. The whole idea is that people can look at the screenshot, and they won't need context of what happened a few seconds before that frame or a few seconds after. And you have multiple examples in here like the first screenshot you did as well as the second screenshot that you did that just don't look very good. You also have things at the end like these random four images that don't feel like they're placed right. So I feel like your verification wasn't good enough.
[01:27:04] But also the thirds the third image in this set of or sorry. The second image in this set of three at the bottom, it's like halfway through an animation. So that was, first of all, a bad screenshot to take, and second of all, a bad place to put it. So that's some of the feedback that I have for you now. If you could analyze this, understand what I mean by this, and then update the skill so that you don't make these mistakes in the future, and so that you can highlight some of the important things that I just mentioned, blah blah blah.
[01:27:27] And then I would just shoot that off. And it would go through. It would look at the feedback, and it would take all of that information, and it would update the skill. And that is how you start to sort of see that bike method coming into play. Every single run, give good feedback and also give bad feedback and tell it to update the skill.
[01:27:41] Otherwise, all of those changes that you have to make manually, you're gonna have to make manually again the next time. So, anyways, guys, those were the six tips. Those were all of them ran on a real example of one of the skills that I use pretty much every day, every time I make a YouTube video. So I appreciate you guys watching through all that. And, also, guys, real quick, just wanted to tell you about my second channel where I just kind of, like, document these things that I'm doing at AI events or these different trips I'm taking to meet up with AI creators or speaking at things.
[01:28:04] And if you wanna check out sort of, like, what else I'm into besides just, like, making tutorials, then head over to the second channel. I'll put the link in the description. And I hope to see you guys over there. I hope you enjoy this type of content as well. Alright.