[01:53:35] Take a look at some of these outputs I've been getting with Astra. Look how cool this scroll is. How about this example with Glido? I think that this is just absolutely incredible. I think Ash does a really good job at making things three d dynamic immersive without making it overwhelming because this is still a very clean hero section.
[01:53:50] Now this one for perk form is a little bit more out there, but it's very impressive what it was able to do, but I still think it's pretty clean. And we have other types of animations here. Look at these cans come in. I love how it was able to create these in three d. Now I just put out a video that I said Fable 5.1 was the design king because it helped me create something like this, which I loved, but Astra is so much better with it so far.
[01:54:08] Now all of these examples that we just looked at and that we're gonna keep looking at were one shot prompts. Think about that. If I took the time to actually sit down and iterate on these, they would be so much better. This was Astra's first pass at an AI automation society website. You can see it tried to keep the same vibe.
[01:54:22] So right now, the one that Fable built, I think, is the winner because I've iterated on this, like, 15 times. But as a first shot, I think that this is really, really good. It's on brand. And like I said, it has these animations and these interesting, you know, like, immersive parallax things, but it's just it's not too much. I've been seeing you guys talk about in the comments how, oh, I don't think these sites convert.
[01:54:42] And I think you're right, but it depends on the three p's that I talk about. The pain, the person, the promise. But I love how subtle this is. But instantly, I think that this feels premium. You feel the depth, and it's not too overwhelming, and it still fits the brand that, you know, that you have here.
[01:54:56] It still fits the messaging that you're trying to get across. Even something like a luxury watch brand, I think that even just this little element right here that lets us sort of scroll through really makes it you know, it sets it apart from other types of websites in this industry. Because it's not just about the hero section. I think that the way that all of these sites are designed are very on brand. It's not like one super specific template that we're following every single time.
[01:55:18] It's different each time. So I know that I've just been jumping all around with examples. I just wanted to show you guys some of the different things that it's been able to do and some of the different ways that it uses its creative freedom and taste because I basically just told it to make me a bunch of websites. Now the one thing that all of these that I just showed you have in common is that they used my scroll craft skill, which if you guys don't have that, join my free school community linked in the description. That's where you can get the skill, and I'm constantly updating that thing as I find out more about AI design.
[01:55:44] Not only does that skill understand things like layering as you can see here and scrolling, but it also understands things like typography and spacing and all of those other elements that you need to make the website actually feel good as you continue to scroll through. But I think that's been the one of the biggest things that I've realized lately is the layering adds so much depth because you can clearly see how the text is on a different layer than the background image, is which on a different layer than the bike, which is on a different layer than the rocks right here. And that's what makes it feel super immersive without being over the top, at least in my opinion. Because at the end of the day, all of this stuff is subjective, and it's all about taste. But like I said, my scroll craft skill has all that knowledge in there.
[01:56:19] And what you've noticed about all of these different websites I've shown you so far is that they're all different types of businesses. We had a content agency. We had physical products. So this one is a consulting firm, and all of these have different vibes. They have different ways that the sections are actually structured.
[01:56:33] This one has, a sidebar over here, and we haven't seen that yet on the other ones. Now on top of website design, I'm also talking about things like motion graphics and design using something like hyperframes. So let me play this example for you and pay attention to the three d elements and also pay attention to the music and how it synced to what's going on. And I'm not gonna play this whole thing, but it also created me a vertical version. So I'll play a few seconds.
[01:57:33] Now those obviously aren't anything crazy. They're not gonna go viral. But if you consider that that was just two prompts and took me, you know, twenty to thirty minutes, how much time would that have taken and how much would that have cost you if you paid a human editor to do that? So much more time and money. And here's an example that I think is even crazier because what I had to do here is for AIS Live, we have this folder where we have, like, over a 100 gigabytes.
[01:57:55] You can see a 152 gigabytes of footage to look through. And all I did was give it the link, and I said, hey. Create me, like, a sizzle reel recap that's a minute long from this event, and look what I got. Logged off yesterday just pausing. I had goosebumps.
[01:58:06] I was so excited, and I had so much fun. Cost doesn't justify price. Price justifies cost. What is the value of what you know and what you know how to do? This culture that we have here at AIS is is just really special.
[01:59:02] So the only thing wrong here is this domain. That's not the real domain, but I am just so impressed by this. And I know some of you guys might look at that and be like, I saw some editing mistakes or whatever. But the music, what it had to think through, all of that. It had to look through all that footage and basically figure out how to tell a story out of it, and I thought it did a really good job with It also had to look through all of our logos and our designs and our branding and our images and our assets for that.
[01:59:26] It found everything and it pulled it all in. And I was just like, honestly, for thirty five minutes is how long it took, so so impressed. Because I've tried to do something like that with Soul. I've tried to do something like that with Fable 5.1, and it did not go nearly as well. This thing just has the understanding, and it's so pragmatic and logical about it that I am just like, seriously, it's it's it's another huge leap forward to me.
[01:59:47] Now when we talk about actually killing AI design slop or having things that really go up to the next tier, of course, it's using things like skills that you might find on GitHub like mine or like other people's. But what I think is the most important thing is inspiration. It's really hard to just give an
[02:00:00] I model a task like making a website here are the brand guidelines and have it just actually create you something that doesn't look very AI generated. So what you have to do is you have to have inspiration, and you can find that in the form of something like godly.design where you can find actual websites to take inspiration from, or you can find individual components like the hero sections or the CTAs or the footers, and you can find these components. You can do the exact same thing on something like 20first.dev. There are so many amazing things here. Like I said, hero sections, different components for the UI.
[02:00:27] You can find forms, AI chats. You can find buttons. Using all of these things and giving these code blocks or giving these website URLs to Astra makes them so much better. Because now I could come into any one of these 10 sites or the other ones that we had generated and just be like, you know what? I really like this, you know, button, for example, right here, but I would like this to be changed out with, you know, this button that I found on 20first.dev because I feel like it's more on brand or I like the, you know, dynamic element around it.
[02:00:53] You could also come to something like awards with three w's, awards.com, that has ton a of award winning sites. And you can also come in here and organize by category, which I think is really important because an ecommerce site probably needs to look different than, you know, a restaurant and hotel site, which probably needs to look different than a fashion site. Because, yes, there's one element of AI slop where it's like, you know, you've got those certain types of buttons and a certain type of fonts and a certain gradient in the background. But the other element of AI slop is when it feels like you're looking at something that is meant for someone else. If you're a 70 year old man and you're looking for medication on your website and you're scrolling through a three d world, you're gonna be like, this is the worst thing I've ever seen.
[02:01:28] But if you're a teenage dude and you're trying to buy new headphones and the headphones on the site are spinning and you can see inside of it and it's like transforming, you're gonna think that's sick and that's just the truth. So think about the pain, think about the person, think about the promise, and think about inspiration sites. And then you just get out of Astra's way. You give it your brand guidelines. You give it the copy.
[02:01:46] You give it scroll craft skills so you can create all of these sorts of cool stuff. And then you watch the site or you scroll through it. You say, I don't like this. Fix that. I don't like this.
[02:01:55] Fix that. And then you just keep iterating, and that's how it's done. So Codex is probably the best browser use agent I've ever played with ever. And browser use is super powerful for many things, which is what I'm about to get into the next video about. But, basically, it just can control your computer.