[00:01:02] we're going to go ahead and get started with installation. You're going to open up Google and you're going to type in cloud code. Wait a minute. That was so 3 months ago. No, I'm just kidding. But it is funny how Chad GBT also pops up right here. So, you're going to type in Chadbt or Codeex. I'll show you what that looks like. I will just type in codeex install. And then you see right here, ChadBt Codeex because Codex is a product of OpenAI and Chad GBT. So, this is what it looks like. What you're going to want to do is just download this for your operating system. So right here I would click on download for Windows and then I would go through the installer to get the codeex desktop app. Now this actually will be called the chatbt desktop app but we're going to be using

[00:01:33] codec. Now if you do use VS code already or you use cursor or something like that and you'd rather run codec through the IDE extension or through the CLI then you certainly can do that. But I love the desktop app. I think that they're bringing it in really really nicely with their browser use and their sites and routines and everything like that. And the rest of this course we're going to be using the Codeex desktop app. So, if you want it to all look the same, then just go ahead and download the app real quick. Now, once you're inside here, it's going to look like this. You're going to have two different tabs up top right away. You'll see chat and work, but then on the lefth hand side, you will switch over here from chatbt, which

[00:02:03] is chat and work to codeex. And if you do have a chatbt subscription already, like you're paying 20 bucks a month or 100 or 200, that's the same exact subscription. So, you won't have to make a new account, but if you are currently on a completely free account for OpenAI or for Chatbt, then I would at least get on the $20 a month plan right now. And if you start to blow through your usage, then just go ahead and upgrade. Because the way that this works is you can see in the bottom left, you can see that I have 94% left and I'm currently on the $200 a month plan for Codex. And so if I use this up within the week, then I would just basically have to wait till it resets. Or I could pay per usage API

[00:02:35] billing, which is just a little bit more expensive than being on the subscription. The subscription of Codeex actually gets you about $14,000 of inference if you use the entire subscription. So, it's it's really really cheap for being on the subscription, paying $200 a month, and I'm getting about $14,000 of usage out of it. And I know that 200 bucks a month or 100 bucks a month may seem expensive relative to subscriptions, but we're not paying for Netflix here. We're not paying for entertainment. We're paying for productivity. We're essentially treating this as the cheapest hire you will ever make. $200 a month for the output that multiple hires would give you if you start to use it right, which

[00:03:06] is why you're investing time in this course right here. Anyways, before we get into this, I wanted to address one question, which is okay, why would I use codeex over something like work? Because work is kind of marketed as like for knowledge work for nontechnical people, blah blah blah. I think it's good that they're doing that, but ultimately it's one of those things where codecs can do everything that work can do and it can do more. So, why would you not just invest the time learning codecs because it's basically the same, but then one day you might need some of the extended functionality that Codeex has and you can just do it right there because

[00:03:36] you've already learned Codex. I'm not technical at all. I don't know how to write code, but I've been able to do some very, very incredible things with codecs and with cloud code and tools like that, all with my natural language. And this entire course, you're going to see it's literally just natural language. There's just a few things that you need to understand in order to get the most out of it. So, if you're just starting or if you've been using work for a while, just trust me, go ahead and switch over to Codeex. You're going to thank yourself one day. And trust me, it's not anything more difficult or intimidating at all compared to work. You're just getting more power. Awesome. So, now that that's out of the way, there's a lot of things that we're going to be looking at in this app. And I

[00:04:06] don't want to just run you through in a really boring way and click on every single thing and explain what it means. I'm going to basically be doing that throughout this entire course as we get familiar with everything. So the first thing that I actually want to do is kind of start with like a 30,000 foot view of everything that's possible in Codeex and how simple it all is when we really bring it together. So we're going to start with me explaining to you all of the core concepts that you actually need to know in order to use Codex and in order to understand what it can do. And I'm going to explain the stuff extremely simply with some examples. So let's hop into this next segment. Today I'm going
